<div class="div1 dedication"><div class="divBody">
<p class="first xd31e229">To<br/>
JOHN EMERSON
</p>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="body">
<div id="ch1" class="div1 chapter"><div class="divHead">
<h2 class="super">GENTLEMEN<br/>
PREFER BLONDES</h2>
<h2 class="label">CHAPTER ONE</h2>
<h2 class="main">GENTLEMEN PREFER BLONDES</h2>
</div>
<div class="divBody">
<p class="first dateentry"><i>March 16th</i>:
</p>
<p>A gentleman friend and I were dining at the Ritz last evening and he said that if
I took a pencil and a paper and put down all of my thoughts it would make a book.
This almost made me smile as what it would really make would be a whole row of <span class="sic" title="Correction: encyclopedias">encyclopediacs</span>. I mean I seem to be thinking practically all of the time. I mean it is my favorite
recreation and sometimes I sit for hours and do not seem to do anything else but think.
So this gentleman said a girl with brains ought to do something else with them besides
think. And he said he ought to know brains when he sees them, because he is in the
senate and he spends quite a great deal of time in Washington, <span class="sic" title="Correction: D.C.">d. c.</span>, and when he comes into <span class="sic" title="Correction: contact">contract</span> with brains he always notices it. So it might have all blown over but this morning he sent
me a book. And so when my maid brought it to me, I said to her, “Well, Lulu, here
is another book and we have not read half the ones we have got yet.” But when I opened
it and saw that it was all a blank I remembered what my gentleman acquaintance said,
and so then I realized that it was a diary. So here I am writing a book instead of
reading one.
</p>
<p>But now it is the 16th of March and of course it is <span class="sic" title="Correction: too">to</span> late to begin with January, but it does not matter as my gentleman friend, Mr. Eisman,
was in town practically all of January and February, and when he is in town one day
seems to be practically the same as the next day.
</p>
<p>I mean Mr. Eisman is in the wholesale button profession in Chicago and he is the gentleman
who is known practically all over Chicago as Gus Eisman the Button King. And he is
the gentleman who is interested in educating me, so of course he is always coming
down to New York to see how my brains have improved since the last time. But when
Mr. Eisman is in New York we always seem to do the same thing and if I wrote down
one day in my diary, all I would have to do would be to put quotation marks for all other
days. I mean we always seem to have dinner at the Colony and see a show and go to
the Trocadero and then Mr. Eisman shows me to my apartment. So of course when a gentleman
is interested in educating a girl, he likes to stay and talk about the topics of the
day until quite late, so I am quite fatigued the next day and I do not really get
up until it is time to dress for dinner at the Colony.
</p>
<p>
</p>
<p>It would be strange if I turn out to be an authoress. I mean at my home near Little
Rock, Arkansas, my family all wanted me to do something about my music. Because all
of my friends said I had talent and they all kept after me and kept after me about
practising. But some way I never seemed to care so much about practising. I mean I simply could
not sit for hours and hours at a time practising just for the sake of a career. So
one day I got quite tempermental and threw the old mandolin clear across the room
and I have really never touched it since. But writing is different because you do
not have to learn or practise and it is more <span class="sic" title="Correction: temperamental">tempermental</span> because practising seems to take all the <span class="sic" title="Correction: temperament">temperment</span> out of me. So now I really almost have to smile because I have just noticed that
I have written clear across two pages onto March 18th, so this will do for today and
tomorrow. And it just shows how tempermental I am when I get started.
</p>
<p class="dateentry"><i>March 19th</i>:
</p>
<p>Well last evening Dorothy called up and Dorothy said she has met a gentleman who gave
himself an introduction to her in the lobby of the Ritz. So then they went to luncheon
and tea and dinner and then they went to a show and then they went to the Trocadero.
So Dorothy said his name was Lord Cooksleigh but what she really calls him is Coocoo.
So Dorothy said why don’t you and I and Coocoo go to the Follies tonight and bring Gus along if he is in town? So
then Dorothy and I had quite a little quarrel because every time that Dorothy mentions
the subject of Mr. Eisman she calls Mr. Eisman by his first name, and she does not
seem to realize that when a gentleman who is as important as Mr. Eisman, spends quite
a lot of money educating a girl, it really does not show reverance to call a gentleman
by his first name. I mean I never even think of calling Mr. Eisman by his first name,
but if I want to call him anything at all, I call him “Daddy” and I do not even call
him “Daddy” if a place seems to be public. So I told Dorothy that Mr. Eisman would
not be in town until day after tomorrow. So then Dorothy and Coocoo came up and we
went to the Follies.
</p>
<p>So this morning Coocoo called up and he wanted me to luncheon at the Ritz. I mean
these foreigners really have quite a nerve. Just because Coocoo is an Englishman and
a Lord he thinks a girl can waste hours on him just for a luncheon at the Ritz, when
all he does is talk about some exposition he went on to a place called Tibet and after
talking for hours I found out that all they were was a lot of Chinamen. So I will be quite glad to see Mr. Eisman when he gets in. Because he
always has something quite interesting to talk about, as for instants the last time
he was here he presented me with quite a beautiful emerald bracelet. So next week
is my birthday and he always has some delightful surprise on holidays.
</p>
<p>I did intend to luncheon at the Ritz with Dorothy today and of course Coocoo had to
spoil it, as I told him that I could not luncheon with him today, because my brother
was in town on business and had the mumps, so I really could not leave him alone.
Because of course if I went to the Ritz now I would bump into Coocoo. But I sometimes
almost have to smile at my own imagination, because of course I have not got any brother
and I have not even thought of the mumps for years. I mean it is no wonder that I
can write.
</p>
<p>So the reason I thought I would take luncheon at the Ritz was because Mr. Chaplin
is at the Ritz and I always like to renew old acquaintances, because I met Mr. Chaplin
once when we were both working on the same lot in Hollywood and I am sure he would
remember me. Gentlemen always seem to remember blondes. I mean the only career I would
like to be besides an authoress is a cinema star and I was doing quite well in the
cinema when Mr. Eisman made me give it all up. Because of course when a gentleman
takes such a friendly interest in educating a girl as Mr. Eisman does, you like to
show that you appreciate it, and he is against a girl being in the cinema because
his mother is authrodox.
</p>
<p class="dateentry"><i>March 20th</i>:
</p>
<p>Mr. Eisman gets in tomorrow to be here in time for my birthday. So I thought it would
really be delightful to have at least one good time before Mr. Eisman got in, so last
evening I had some literary gentlemen in to spend the evening because Mr. Eisman always
likes me to have literary people in and out of the apartment. I mean he is quite anxious
for a girl to improve her mind and his greatest interest in me is because I always
seem to want to improve my mind and not waste any time. And Mr. Eisman likes me to
have what the French people call a “salo” which means that people all get together
in the evening and improve their minds. So I invited all of the brainy gentlemen I could
think up. So I thought up a gentleman who is the proffessor of all of the economics
up at Columbia College, and the editor who is the famous editor of the New York Transcript
and another gentleman who is a famous playright who writes very, very famous plays
that are all about Life. I mean anybody would recognize his name but it always seems
to slip my memory because all of we real friends of his only call him Sam. So Sam
asked if he could bring a gentleman who writes novels from England, so I said yes,
so he brought him. And then we all got together and I called up Gloria and Dorothy
and the gentleman brought their own liquor. So of course the place was a wreck this
morning and Lulu and I worked like proverbial dogs to get it cleaned up, but Heaven
knows how long it will take to get the chandelier fixed.
</p>
<p class="dateentry"><i>March 22nd</i>:
</p>
<p>Well my birthday has come and gone but it was really quite depressing. I mean it seems
to me a gentleman who has a friendly interest in educating a girl like Gus Eisman,
would want her to have the biggest square cut diamond in New York. I mean I must say
I was quite disappointed when he came to the apartment with a little thing you could
hardly see. So I told him I thought it was quite cute, but I had quite a headache
and I had better stay in a dark room all day and I told him I would see him the next
day, perhaps. Because even Lulu thought it was quite small and she said, if she was
I, she really would do something definite and she said she always believed in the
old addage, “Leave them while you’re looking good.” But he came in at dinner time
with really a very very beautiful bracelet of square cut diamonds so I was quite cheered
up. So then we had dinner at the Colony and we went to a show and supper at the Trocadero
as usual whenever he is in town. But I will give him credit that he realized how small
it was. I mean he kept talking about how bad business was and the button profession
was full of bolshevicks who make nothing but trouble. Because Mr. Eisman feels that
the country is really on the verge of the bolshevicks and I become quite worried.
I mean if the bolshevicks do get in, there is only one gentleman who could handle
them and that is Mr. D. W. Griffith. Because I will never forget when Mr. Griffith
was directing Intolerance. I mean it was my last cinema just before Mr. Eisman made
me give up my career and I was playing one of the girls that fainted at the battle
when all of the gentlemen fell off the tower. And when I saw how Mr. Griffith handled
all of those mobs in Intolerance I realized that he could do anything, and I really
think that the government of America ought to tell Mr. Griffith to get all ready if
the bolshevicks start to do it.
</p>
<p>Well I forgot to mention that the English gentleman who writes novels seems to have
taken quite an interest in me, as soon as he found out that I was literary. I mean
he has called up every day and I went to tea twice with him. So he has sent me a whole
complete set of books for my birthday by a gentleman called Mr. Conrad. They all seem
to be about ocean travel although I have not had time to more than glance through
them. I have always liked novels about ocean travel ever since I posed for Mr. Christie
for the front cover of a novel about ocean travel by McGrath because I always say
that a girl never really looks as well as she does on board a steamship, or even a yacht.
</p>
<p>
</p>
<p>So the English gentleman’s name is Mr. Gerald Lamson as those who have read his novels
would know. And he also sent me some of his own novels and they all seem to be about
middle age English gentlemen who live in the country over in London and seem to ride
bicycles, which seems quite different from America, except at Palm Beach. So I told
Mr. Lamson how I write down all of my thoughts and he said he knew I had something
to me from the first minute he saw me and when we become better acquainted I am going
to let him read my diary. I mean I even told Mr. Eisman about him and he is quite pleased. Because of course Mr. Lamson is
quite famous and it seems Mr. Eisman has read all of his novels going to and fro on
the trains and Mr. Eisman is always anxious to meet famous people and take them to
the Ritz to dinner on Saturday night. But of course I did not tell Mr. Eisman that
I am really getting quite a little crush on Mr. Lamson, which I really believe I am,
but Mr. Eisman thinks my interest in him is more literary.
</p>
<p>
</p>
<p class="dateentry"><i>March 30th</i>:
</p>
<p>At last Mr. Eisman has left on the 20th Century and I must say I am quite fatigued
and a little rest will be quite welcome. I mean I do not mind staying out late every
night if I dance, but Mr. Eisman is really not such a good dancer so most of the time
we just sit and drink some champagne or have a bite to eat and of course I do not
dance with anyone else when I am out with Mr. Eisman. But Mr. Eisman and Gerry, as
Mr. Lamson wants me to call him, became quite good friends and we had several evenings,
all three together. So now that Mr. Eisman is out of town at last, Gerry and I are
going out together this evening and Gerry said not to dress up, because Gerry seems
to like me more for my soul. So I really had to tell Gerry that if all the gentlemen
were like he seems to be, Madame Frances’ whole dress making establishment would have
to go out of business. But Gerry does not like a girl to be nothing else but a doll,
but he likes her to bring in her husband’s slippers every evening and make him forget
what he has gone through.
</p>
<p>But before Mr. Eisman went to Chicago he told me that he is going to Paris this summer
on professional business and I think he intends to present me with a trip to Paris
as he says there is nothing so educational as traveling. I mean it did worlds of good
to Dorothy when she went abroad last spring and I never get tired of hearing her telling
how the merry-go-rounds in Paris have pigs instead of horses. But I really do not
know whether to be thrilled or not because, of course, if I go to Paris I will have
to leave Gerry and both Gerry and I have made up our minds not to be separated from
one another from now on.
</p>
<p class="dateentry"><i>March 31st</i>:
</p>
<p>Last night Gerry and I had dinner at quite a quaint place where we had roast beef
and baked potato. I mean he always wants me to have food which is what he calls “nourishing”
which most gentlemen never seem to think about. So then we took a hansom cab and drove
for hours around the park because Gerry said the air would be good for me. It is really
very sweet to have some one think of all those things that gentlemen hardly ever seem
to think about. So then we talked quite a lot. I mean Gerry knows how to draw a girl
out and I told him things that I really would not even put in my diary. So when he heard all about my life he became quite depressed and we both had tears in our
eyes. Because he said he never dreamed a girl could go through so much as I, and come
out so sweet and not made bitter by it all. I mean Gerry thinks that most gentlemen
are brutes and hardly ever think about a girl’s soul.
</p>
<p>So it seems that Gerry has had quite a lot of trouble himself and he can not even
get married on account of his wife. He and she have never been in love with each other
but she was a suffragette and asked him to marry her, so what could he do? So we rode
all around the park until quite late talking and philosophizing quite a lot and I
finally told him that I thought, after all, that bird life was the highest form of
civilization. So Gerry calls me his little thinker and I really would not be surprised
if all of my thoughts will give him quite a few ideas for his novels. Because Gerry
says he has never seen a girl of my personal appearance with so many brains. And he
had almost given up looking for his ideal when our paths seemed to cross each other
and I told him I really thought a thing like that was nearly always the result of
fate.
</p>
<p>So Gerry says that I remind him quite a lot of Helen of Troy, who was of Greek extraction.
But the only Greek I know is a Greek gentleman by the name of Mr. Georgopolis who
is really quite wealthy and he is what Dorothy and I call a “Shopper” because you
can always call him up at any hour and ask him to go shopping and he is always quite
delighted, which very few gentlemen seem to be. And he never seems to care how much
anything costs. I mean Mr. Georgopolis is also quite cultured, as I know quite a few
gentlemen who can speak to a waiter in French but Mr. Georgopolis can also speak to
a waiter in Greek which very few gentlemen seem to be able to do.
</p>
<p class="dateentry"><i>April 1st</i>:
</p>
<p>I am taking special pains with my diary from now on as I am really writing it for
Gerry. I mean he and I are going to read it together some evening in front of the
fireplace. But Gerry leaves this evening for Boston as he has to lecture about all
of his works at Boston, but he will rush right back as soon as possible. So I am going
to spend all of my time improving myself while he is gone. And this afternoon we are both going to a museum on 5th Avenue, because Gerry
wants to show me a very very beautiful cup made by an antique jeweler called Mr. Cellini
and he wants me to read Mr. Cellini’s life which is a very very fine book and not
dull while he is in Boston.
</p>
<p>So the famous playright friend of mine who is called Sam called up this morning and
he wanted me to go to a literary party tonight that he and some other literary gentlemen
are giving to Florence Mills in Harlem but Gerry does not want me to go with Sam as
Sam always insists on telling riskay stories. But personally I am quite broad minded
and I always say that I do not mind a riskay story as long as it is really funny.
I mean I have a great sense of humor. But Gerry says Sam does not always select and
choose his stories and he just as soon I did not go out with him. So I am going to
stay home and read the book by Mr. Cellini instead, because, after all, the only thing
I am really interested in, is improving my mind. So I am going to do nothing else
but improve my mind while Gerry is in Boston. I mean I just received a cable from
Willie Gwynn who arrives from Europe tomorrow, but I am not even going to bother to see him. He
is a sweet boy but he never gets anywhere and I am not going to waste my time on such
as him, after meeting a gentleman like Gerry.
</p>
<p class="dateentry"><i>April 2nd</i>:
</p>
<p>I seem to be quite depressed this morning as I always am when there is nothing to
put my mind to. Because I decided not to read the book by Mr. Cellini. I mean it was
quite amuseing in spots because it was really quite riskay but the spots were not
so close together and I never seem to like to always be hunting clear through a book
for the spots I am looking for, especially when there are really not so many spots
that seem to be so amuseing after all. So I did not waste my time on it but this morning
I told Lulu to let all of the house work go and spend the day reading a book entitled
“Lord Jim” and then tell me all about it, so that I would improve my mind while Gerry
is away. But when I got her the book I nearly made a mistake and gave her a book by
the title of “The Nigger of the Narcissus” which really would have hurt her feelings.
I mean I do not know why authors cannot say “Negro” instead of “Nigger” as they have their feelings just the same as
we have.
</p>
<p>Well I just got a telegram from Gerry that he will not be back until tomorrow and
also some orchids from Willie Gwynn, so I may as well go to the theatre with Willie
tonight to keep from getting depressed, as he really is a sweet boy after all. I mean
he never really does anything obnoxious. And it is quite depressing to stay at home
and do nothing but read, unless you really have a book that is worth bothering about.
</p>
<p class="dateentry"><i>April 3rd</i>:
</p>
<p>I was really so depressed this morning that I was even glad to get a letter from Mr.
Eisman. Because last night Willie Gwynn came to take me to the Follies, but he was
so intoxicated that I had to telephone his club to send around a taxi to take him
home. So that left me alone with Lulu at nine o’clock with nothing to do, so I put
in a telephone call for Boston to talk to Gerry but it never went through. So Lulu
tried to teach me how to play mah jong, but I really could not keep my mind on it
because I was so depressed. So today I think I had better go over to Madame Frances and order some new evening
gowns to cheer me up.
</p>
<p>Well Lulu just brought me a telegram from Gerry that he will be in this afternoon,
but I must not meet him at the station on account of all of the reporters who always
meet him at the station wherever he comes from. But he says he will come right up
to see me as he has something to talk about.
</p>
<p class="dateentry"><i>April 4th</i>:
</p>
<p>What an evening we had last evening. I mean it seems that Gerry is madly in love with
me. Because all of the time he was in Boston lecturing to the womens clubs he said,
as he looked over the faces of all those club women in Boston, he never realized I
was so beautiful. And he said that there was only one in all the world and that was
me. But it seems that Gerry thinks that Mr. Eisman is terrible and that no good can
come of our friendship. I mean I was quite surprised, as they both seemed to get along
quite well together, but it seems that Gerry never wants me to see Mr. Eisman again.
And he wants me to give up everything and study French and he will get a divorce and we will be married. Because Gerry does
not seem to like the kind of life all of us lead in New York and he wants me to go
home to papa in Arkansas and he will send me books to read so that I will not get
lonesome there. And he gave me his uncle’s Masonic ring, which came down from the
time of Soloman and which he never even lets his wife wear, for our engagement ring,
and this afternoon a lady friend of his is going to bring me a new system she thought
up of how to learn French. But some way I still seem to be depressed. I mean I could
not sleep all night thinking of the terrible things Gerry said about New York and
about Mr. Eisman. Of course I can understand Gerry being jealous of any gentleman
friend of mine and of course I never really thought that Mr. Eisman was Rudolph Valentino,
but Gerry said it made him cringe to think of a sweet girl like I having a friendship
with Mr. Eisman. So it really made me feel quite depressed. I mean Gerry likes to
talk quite a lot and I always think a lot of talk is depressing and worries your brains
with things you never even think of when you are busy. But so long as Gerry does not mind me going out with other gentlemen when they have something
to give you mentally, I am going to luncheon with Eddie Goldmark of the Goldmark Films
who is always wanting me to sign a contract to go into the cinema. Because Mr. Goldmark
is madly in love with Dorothy and Dorothy is always wanting me to go back in the cinema
because Dorothy says that she will go if I will go.
</p>
<p>
</p>
<p class="dateentry"><i>April 6th</i>:
</p>
<p>Well I finally wrote Mr. Eisman that I was going to get married and it seems that
he is coming on at once as he would probably like to give me his advice. Getting married is really quite serious and Gerry talks
to me for hours and hours about it. I mean he never seems to get tired of talking
and he does not seem to even want to go to shows or dance or do anything else but
talk, and if I don’t really have something definite to put my mind on soon I will
scream.
</p>
<p class="dateentry"><i>April 7th</i>:
</p>
<p>
</p>
<p>
</p>
<p>Well Mr. Eisman arrived this morning and he and I had quite a long talk, and after
all I think he is right. Because here is the first real opportunity I have ever really
had. I mean to go to Paris and broaden out and improve my writing, and why should I give it up to marry an author, where he is the
whole thing and all I would be would be the wife of Gerald Lamson? And on top of that
I would have to be dragged into the scandal of a divorce court and get my name smirched.
So Mr. Eisman said that opportunities come <span class="sic" title="Correction: too">to</span> seldom in a girls life for me to give up the first one I have really ever had. So
I am sailing for France and London on Tuesday and taking Dorothy with me and Mr. Eisman
says that he will see us there later. So Dorothy knows all of the ropes and she can
get along in Paris just as though she knew French and besides she knows a French gentleman
who was born and raised there, who speaks it like a native and knows Paris like a book. And Dorothy says that when we
get to London nearly everybody speaks English anyway. So it is quite lucky that Mr.
Lamson is out lecturing in Cincinnati and he will not be back until Wednesday and
I can send him a letter and tell him that I have to go to Europe now but I will see
him later perhaps. So anyway I will be spared listening to any more of his depressing
conversation. So Mr. Eisman gave me quite a nice string of pearls and he gave Dorothy
a diamond pin and we all went to the Colony for dinner and we all went to a show and
supper at the Trocadero and we all spent quite a pleasant evening.
</p>
</div>
</div>
<div id="ch2" class="div1 chapter"><div class="divHead">
<h2 class="label">CHAPTER TWO</h2>
<h2 class="main">FATE KEEPS ON HAPPENING</h2>
</div>
<div class="divBody">
<p class="first dateentry"><i>April 11th</i>:
</p>
<p>Well Dorothy and I are really on the ship sailing to Europe as anyone could tell by
looking at the ocean. I always love the ocean. I mean I always love a ship and I really
love the <i>Majestic</i> because you would not know it was a ship because it is just like being at the Ritz,
and the steward says the ocean is not so obnoxious this month as it generally is.
So Mr. Eisman is going to meet us next month in Paris because he has to be there on
business. I mean he always says that there is really no place to see the latest styles
in buttons like Paris.
</p>
<p>So Dorothy is out taking a walk up and down the deck with a gentleman she met on the
steps, but I am not going to waste my time going around with gentlemen because if
I did nothing but go around I would not finish my diary or read good books which I
am always reading to improve my mind. But Dorothy really does not care about her mind and I always scold her because she does nothing but waste her time by going around
with gentlemen who do not have anything, when Eddie Goldmark of the Goldmark Films
is really quite wealthy and can make a girl delightful presents. But she does nothing
but waste her time and yesterday, which was really the day before we sailed, she would
not go to luncheon with Mr. Goldmark but she went to luncheon to meet a gentleman
called Mr. Mencken from Baltimore who really only prints a green magazine which has
not even got any pictures in it. But Mr. Eisman is always saying that every girl does
not want to get ahead and get educated like me.
</p>
<p>So Mr. Eisman and Lulu come down to the boat to see me off and Lulu cried quite a
lot. I mean I really believe she could not care any more for me if she was light and
not colored. Lulu has had a very sad life because when she was quite young a pullman
porter fell madly in love with her. So she believed him and he lured her away from
her home to Ashtabula and deceived her there. So she finally found out that she had
been deceived and she really was broken hearted and when she tried to go back home she found out that it was <span class="sic" title="Correction: too">to</span> late because her best girl friend, who she had always trusted, had stolen her husband
and he would not take Lulu back. So I have always said to her she could always work
for me and she is going to take care of the apartment until I get back, because I
would not sublet the apartment because Dorothy sublet her apartment when she went
to Europe last year and the gentleman who sublet the apartment allowed girls to pay
calls on him who were not nice.
</p>
<p>Mr. Eisman has litereally filled our room with flowers and the steward has had quite
a hard time to find enough vases to put them into. I mean the steward said he knew
as soon as he saw Dorothy and I that he would have quite a heavy run on vases. And
of course Mr. Eisman has sent me quite a lot of good books as he always does, because
he always knows that good books are always welcome. So he has sent me quite a large
book of Etiquette as he says there is quite a lot of Etiquette in England and London
and it would be a good thing for a girl to learn. So I am going to take it on the
deck after luncheon and read it, because I would often like to know what a girl ought to do when a gentleman she has just met, says
something to her in a taxi. Of course I always become quite vexed but I always believe
in giving a gentleman another chance.
</p>
<p>
</p>
<p>So now the steward tells me it is luncheon time, so I will go upstairs as the gentleman
Dorothy met on the steps has invited us to luncheon in the Ritz, which is a special
dining room on the ship where you can spend quite a lot of money because they really
give away the food in the other dining room.
</p>
<p class="dateentry"><i>April 12th</i>:
</p>
<p>I am going to stay in bed this morning as I am quite upset as I saw a gentleman who quite upset me. I am not really sure it was the gentleman, as I saw him at quite
a distants in the bar, but if it really is the gentleman it shows that when a girl
has a lot of fate in her life it is sure to keep on happening. So when I thought I
saw this gentleman I was with Dorothy and Major Falcon, who is the gentleman Dorothy
met on the steps, and Major Falcon noticed that I became upset, so he wanted me to
tell him what was the matter, but it is really so terrible that I would not want to
tell anyone. So I said good night to Major Falcon and I left him with Dorothy and
I went down to our room and did nothing but cry and send the steward for some champagne
to cheer me up. I mean champagne always makes me feel philosophical because it makes
me realize that when a girl’s life is as full of fate as mine seems to be, there is
nothing else to do about it. So this morning the steward brought me my coffee and
quite a large pitcher of ice water so I will stay in bed and not have any more champagne
until luncheon time.
</p>
<p>Dorothy never has any fate in her life and she does nothing but waste her time and
I really wonder if I did right to bring her with me and not Lulu. I mean she really gives gentlemen a bad impression as she talks quite
a lot of slang. Because when I went up yesterday to meet she and Major Falcon for
luncheon, I overheard her say to Major Falcon that she really liked to become intoxicated
once in a “dirty” while. Only she did not say intoxicated, but she really said a slang
word that means intoxicated and I am always having to tell her that “dirty” is a slang
word and she really should not say “dirty.”
</p>
<p>
</p>
<p>Major Falcon is really quite a delightful gentleman for an Englishman. I mean he really
spends quite a lot of money and we had quite a delightful luncheon and dinner in the
Ritz until I thought I saw the gentleman who upset me and I am so upset I think I will get dressed and go up on the deck and see
if it really is the one I think it is. I mean there is nothing else for me to do as
I have finished writing in my diary for today and I have decided not to read the book
of Ettiquette as I glanced through it and it does not seem to have anything in it
that I would care to know because it wastes quite a lot of time telling you what to
call a Lord and all the Lords I have met have told me what to call them and it is
generally some quite cute name like Coocoo whose real name is really Lord Cooksleigh.
So I will not waste my time on such a book. But I wish I did not feel so upset about
the gentleman I think I saw.
</p>
<p>
</p>
<p class="dateentry"><i>April 13th</i>:
</p>
<p>It really is the gentleman I thought I saw. I mean when I found out it was the gentleman
my heart really stopped. Because it all brought back things that anybody does not
like to remember, no matter who they are. So yesterday when I went up on the deck
to see if I could see the gentleman and see if it really was him, I met quite a delightful
gentleman who I met once at a party called Mr. Ginzberg. Only his name is not Mr. Ginzberg any more because a gentleman in London
called Mr. Battenburg, who is some relation to some king, changed his name to Mr.
Mountbatten which Mr. Ginzberg says really means the same thing after all. So Mr.
Ginsberg changed his name to Mr. Mountginz which he really thinks is more aristocratic.
So we walked around the deck and we met the gentleman face to face and I really saw
it was him and he really saw it was me. I mean his face became so red it was almost
a picture. So I was so upset I said good-bye to Mr. Mountginz and I started to rush
right down to my room and cry. But when I was going down the steps, I bumped right
into Major Falcon who noticed that I was upset. So Major Falcon made me go to the Ritz and have some
champagne and tell him all about it.
</p>
<p>So then I told Major Falcon about the time in Arkansas when Papa sent me to Little
Rock to study how to become a stenographer. I mean Papa and I had quite a little quarrel
because Papa did not like a gentleman who used to pay calls on me in the park and
Papa thought it would do me good to get away for awhile. So I was in the business
colledge in Little Rock for about a week when a gentleman called Mr. Jennings paid
a call on the business colledge because he wanted to have a new stenographer. So he
looked over all we colledge girls and he picked me out. So he told our teacher that
he would help me finish my course in his office because he was only a lawyer and I
really did not have to know so much. So Mr. Jennings helped me quite a lot and I stayed
in his office about a year when I found out that he was not the kind of a gentleman
that a young girl is safe with. I mean one evening when I went to pay a call on him
at his apartment, I found a girl there who really was famous all over Little Rock
for not being nice. So when I found out that girls like that paid calls on Mr. Jennings I
had quite a bad case of histerics and my mind was really a blank and when I came out
of it, it seems that I had a revolver in my hand and it seems that the revolver had
shot Mr. Jennings.
</p>
<p>So this gentleman on the boat was really the District Attorney who was at the trial
and he really was quite harsh at the trial and he called me names that I would not
even put in my diary. Because everyone at the trial except the District Attorney was
really lovely to me and all the gentlemen in the jury all cried when my lawyer pointed
at me and told them that they practically all had had either a mother or a sister.
So the jury was only out three minutes and then they came back and acquitted me and
they were all so lovely that I really had to kiss all of them and when I kissed the
judge he had tears in his eyes and he took me right home to his sister. I mean it
was when Mr. Jennings became shot that I got the idea to go into the cinema, so Judge
Hibbard got me a ticket to Hollywood. So it was Judge Hibbard who really gave me my
name because he did not like the name I had because he said a girl ought to have a name that ought
to express her personality. So he said my name ought to be Lorelei which is the name
of a girl who became famous for sitting on a rock in Germany, So I was in Hollywood
in the cinema when I met Mr. Eisman and he said that a girl with my brains ought not
to be in the cinema but she ought to be educated, so he took me out of the cinema
so he could educate me.
</p>
<p>
</p>
<p>So Major Falcon was really quite interested in everything I talked about, because
he said it was quite a co-instance because this District Attorney, who is called Mr.
Bartlett, is now working for the government of America and he is on his way to a place called Vienna on some business for Uncle Sam that
is quite a great secret and Mr. Falcon would like very much to know what the secret
is, because the Government in London sent him to America especially to find out what
it was. Only of course Mr. Bartlett does not know who Major Falcon is, because it
is such a great secret, but Major Falcon can tell me, because he knows who he can
trust. So Major Falcon says he thinks a girl like I ought to forgive and forget what
Mr. Bartlett called me and he wants to bring us together and he says he thinks Mr.
Bartlett would talk to me quite a lot when he really gets to know me and I forgive
him for that time in Little Rock. Because it would be quite romantic for Mr. Bartlett
and I to become friendly, and gentlemen who work for Uncle Sam generally like to become
romantic with girls. So he is going to bring us together on the deck after dinner
tonight and I am going to forgive him and talk with him quite a lot, because why should
a girl hold a grudge against a gentleman who had to do it. So Major Falcon brought
me quite a large bottle of perfume and a quite cute imitation of quite a large size dog in the little shop which is on board the boat.
I mean Major Falcon really knows how to cheer a girl up quite a lot and so tonight
I am going to make it all up with Mr. Bartlett.
</p>
<p class="dateentry"><i>April 14th</i>:
</p>
<p>Well Mr. Bartlett and I made it all up last night and we are going to be the best
of friends and talk quite a lot. So when I went down to my room quite late Major Falcon
came down to see if I and Mr. Bartlett were really going to be friends because he
said a girl with brains like I ought to have lots to talk about with a gentleman with
brains like Mr. Bartlett who knows all of Uncle Sam’s secrets.
</p>
<p>So I told Major Falcon how Mr. Bartlett thinks that he and I seem to be like a play,
because all the time he was calling me all those names in Little Rock he really thought
I was. So when he found out that I turned out not to be, he said he always thought
that I only used my brains against gentlemen and really had quite a cold heart. But
now he thinks I ought to write a play about how he called me all those names in Little
Rock and then, after seven years, we became friendly.
</p>
<p>So I told Major Falcon that I told Mr. Bartlett I would like to write the play but
I really did not have time as it takes quite a lot of time to write my diary and read
good books. So Mr. Bartlett did not know that I read books which is quite a co-instance
because he reads them to. So he is going to bring me a book of philosophy this afternoon
called “Smile, Smile, Smile” which all the brainy senators in Washington are reading
which cheers you up quite a lot.
</p>
<p>So I told Major Falcon that having a friendship with Mr. <span class="sic" title="Correction: Bartlett">Barlett</span> was really quite enervating because Mr. Bartlett does not drink anything and the
less anybody says about his dancing the better. But he did ask me to dine at his table,
which is not in the Ritz and I told him I could not, but Major Falcon told me I ought
to, but I told Major Falcon that there was a limit to almost everything. So I am going
to stay in my room until luncheon and I am going to luncheon in the Ritz with Mr.
Mountginz who really knows how to treat a girl.
</p>
<p>
</p>
<p>Dorothy is up on the deck wasting quite a lot of time with a gentleman who is only a tennis champion. So I am going to ring for the steward and have some champagne
which is quite good for a person on a boat. The steward is really quite a nice boy
and he has had quite a sad life and he likes to tell me all about himself. I mean
it seems that he was arrested in Flatbush because he promised a gentleman that he
would bring him some very very good scotch and they mistook him for a bootlegger.
So it seems they put him in a prison and they put him in a cell with two other gentlemen
who were very, very famous burglars. I mean they really had their pictures in all
the newspapers and everybody was talking about them. So my steward, whose real name
is Fred, was very very proud to be in the same cell with such famous burglars. So when they asked
him what he was in for, he did not like to tell them that he was only a bootlegger,
so he told them that he set fire to a house and burned up quite a large family in
Oklahoma. So everything would have gone alright except that the police had put a dictaphone
in the cell and used it all against him and he could not get out until they had investigated
all the fires in Oklahoma. So I always think that it is much more educational to talk
to a boy like Fred who has been through a lot and really suffered than it is to talk
to a gentleman like Mr. Bartlett. But I will have to talk to Mr. Bartlett all afternoon
as Major Falcon has made an appointment for me to spend the whole afternoon with him.
</p>
<p class="dateentry"><i>April 15th</i>:
</p>
<p>Last night there was quite a maskerade ball on the ship which was really all for the
sake of charity because most of the sailors seem to have orphans which they get from
going on the ocean when the sea is very rough. So they took up quite a collection
and Mr. Bartlett made quite a long speech in favor of orphans especially when their parents are sailors. Mr. Bartlett really likes to make
speeches quite a lot. I mean he even likes to make speeches when he is all alone with
a girl when they are walking up and down a deck. But the maskerade ball was quite
cute and one gentleman really looked almost like an imitation of Mr. Chaplin. So Dorothy
and I really did not want to go to the ball but Mr. Bartlett bought us two scarfs
at the little store which is on the ship so we tied them around our hips and everyone
said we made quite a cute Carmen. So Mr. Bartlett and Major Falcon and the tennis
champion were the Judges. So Dorothy and I won the prizes. I mean I really hope I
do not get any more large size imitations of a dog as I have three now and I do not
see why the Captain does not ask Mr. Cartier to have a jewelry store on the ship as
it is really not much fun to go shopping on a ship with gentlemen, and buy nothing
but imitations of dogs.
</p>
<p>So after we won the prizes I had an engagement to go up on the top of the deck with
Mr. Bartlett as it seems he likes to look at the moonlight quite a lot. So I told
him to go up and wait for me and I would be up later as I promised a dance to Mr. Mountginz.
So he asked me how long I would be dancing till, but I told him to wait up there and
he would find out. So Mr. Mountginz and I had quite a delightful dance and champagne
until Major Falcon found us. Because he was looking for me and he said I really should
not keep Mr. Bartlett waiting. So I went up on the deck and Mr. Bartlett was up there
waiting for me and it seems that he really is madly in love with me because he did
not sleep a wink since we became friendly. Because he never thought that I really
had brains but now that he knows it, it seems that he has been looking for a girl
like me for years, and he said that really the place for me when he got back home
was Washington d. c. where he lives. So I told him I thought a thing like that was
nearly always the result of fate. So he wanted me to get off the ship tomorrow at
France and take the same trip that he is taking to Vienna as it seems that Vienna
is in France and if you go on to England you go to far. But I told him that I could
not because I thought that if he was really madly in love with me he would take a trip to London instead. But he told me that he had serious business in Vienna that
was a very, very great secret. But I told him I did not believe it was business but
that it really was some girl, because what business could be so important? So he said
it was business for the United States government at Washington and he could not tell
anybody what it was. So then we looked at the moonlight quite a lot. So I told him
I would go to Vienna if I really knew it was business and not some girl, because I
could not see how business could be so important. So then he told me all about it.
So it seems that Uncle Sam wants some new aeroplanes that everybody else seems to
want, especially England, and Uncle Sam has quite a clever way to get them which is
to long to put in my diary. So we sat up and saw the sun rise and I became quite stiff
and told him I would have to go down to my room because, after all, the ship lands
at France today and I said if I got off the boat at France to go to Vienna with him
I would have to pack up.
</p>
<p>
</p>
<p>So I went down to my room and went to bed. So then Dorothy came in and she was up
on the deck with the tennis champion but she did not notice the sun rise as she really does not love nature but always wastes
her time and ruins her clothes even though I always tell her not to drink champagne
out of a bottle on the deck of the ship as it lurches quite a lot. So I am going to
have luncheon in my room and I will send a note to Mr. Bartlett to tell him I will
not be able to get off the boat at France to go to Vienna with him as I have quite
a headache, but I will see him sometime somewhere else. So Major Falcon is going to
come down at 12 and I have got to thinking over what Mr. Bartlett called me at Little
Rock and I am quite upset. I mean a gentleman never pays for those things but a girl
always pays. So I think I will tell Major Falcon all about the airoplane business
as he really wants to know. And, after all I do not think Mr. Bartlett is a gentleman
to call me all those names in Little Rock even if it was seven years ago. I mean Major
Falcon is always a gentleman and he really wants to do quite a lot for us in London.
Because he knows the Prince of Wales and he thinks that Dorothy and I would like the
Prince of Wales once we had really got to meet him. So I am going to stay in my room until Mr. Bartlett gets off the ship at France, because I really do not seem
to care if I never see Mr. Bartlett again.
</p>
<p>So tomorrow we will be at England bright and early. And I really feel quite thrilled
because Mr. Eisman sent me a cable this morning, as he does every morning, and he
says to take advantage of everybody we meet as traveling is the highest form of education.
I mean Mr. Eisman is always right and Major Falcon knows all the sights in London
including the Prince of Wales so it really looks like Dorothy and I would have quite
a delightful time in London.
</p>
</div>
</div>
<div id="ch3" class="div1 chapter"><div class="divHead">
<h2 class="label">CHAPTER THREE</h2>
<h2 class="main">LONDON IS REALLY NOTHING</h2>
</div>
<div class="divBody">
<p class="first dateentry"><i>April 17th</i>:
</p>
<p>Well, Dorothy and I are really at London. I mean we got to London on the train yesterday
as the boat does not come clear up to London but it stops on the beach and you have
to take a train. I mean everything is much better in New York, because the boat comes
right up to New York and I am really beginning to think that London is not so educational
after all. But I did not tell Mr. Eisman when I cabled him last night because Mr.
Eisman really sent me to London to get educated and I would hate to tell him that
London is a failure because we know more in New York.
</p>
<p>So Dorothy and I came to the Ritz and it is delightfully full of Americans. I mean
you would really think it was New York because I always think that the most delightful
thing about traveling is to always be running into Americans and to always feel at
home.
</p>
<p>So yesterday Dorothy and I went down to luncheon at the Ritz and we saw a quite cute
little blond girl at the next table and I nudged Dorothy under the table, because
I do not think it is nice to nudge a person on top of the table as I am trying to
teach good manners to Dorothy, So I said “That is quite a cute little girl so she
must be an American girl.” And sure enough she called the head-waiter with quite
an American accent and she was quite angry and she said to him, I have been coming
to this hotel for 35 years and this is the first time I have been kept waiting. So
I recognized her voice because it was really Fanny Ward. So we asked her to come over
to our table and we were all three delighted to see each other. Because I and Fanny
have known each other for about five years but I really feel as if I knew her better
because mama knew her 45 years ago when she and mama used to go to school together
and mama used to always follow all her weddings in all the newspapers. So now Fanny
lives in London and is famous for being one of the cutest girls in London. I mean
Fanny is almost historical, because when a girl is cute for 50 years it really begins
to get historical.

</p>
<p>
</p>
<p>So if mama did not die of hardening of the arterys she and Fanny and I could have
quite a delightful time in London as Fanny loves to shop. So we went shopping for
hats and instead of going to the regular shop we went to the childrens department
and Fanny and I bought some quite cute hats as childrens hats only cost half as much
and Fanny does it all the time. I mean Fanny really loves hats and she buys some in
the children’s department every week, so she really saves quite a lot of money.
</p>
<p>So we came back to the Ritz to meet Major Falcon because Major Falcon invited us to
go to tea with him at a girls house called Lady Shelton. So Major Falcon invited Fanny
to go with us <span class="sic" title="Correction: too">to</span>, but she was sorry because she had to go to her music lesson.
</p>
<p>So at Lady Sheltons house we met quite a few people who seemed to be English. I mean
some of the girls in London seem to be Ladies which seems to be the opposite of a
Lord. And some who are not Ladies are honorable. But quite a few are not Ladies or
honorable either, but are just like us, so all you have to call them is “Miss.” So
Lady Shelton was really delighted to have we Americans come to her house. I mean she took Dorothy and I into the back parlor and
tried to sell us some shell flowers she seems to make out of sea shells for 25 pounds.
So we asked her how much it was in money and it seems it is 125 dollars. I mean I
am really going to have a quite hard time in London with Dorothy because she really
should not say to an English lady what she said. I mean she should not say to an English
lady that in America we use shells the same way only we put a dry pea under one of
them and we call it a game. But I told Lady Shelton we really did not need any shell
flowers. So Lady Shelton said she knew we Americans loved dogs so she would love us
to meet her mother.
</p>
<p>So then she took Dorothy and Major Falcon and I to her mother’s house which was just
around the corner from her house. Because her mother seems to be called a Countess
and raise dogs. So her mother was having a party too, and she seemed to have quite
red hair and quite a lot of paint for such an elderly lady. So the first thing she
asked us was she asked us if we bought some shell flowers from her daughter. So we
told her no. But she did not seem to act like a Countess of her elderly age should act. Because she said, “You were right my dears—don’t let
my daughter stick you—they fall apart in less than a week.” So then she asked us if
we would like to buy a dog. I mean I could not stop Dorothy but she said “How long
before the dogs fall apart?” But I do not think the Countess acted like a Countess
ought to act because she laughed very, very loud and she said that Dorothy was really
priceless and she grabbed Dorothy and kissed her and held her arm around her all the
time. I mean I really think that a Countess should not <span class="sic" title="Correction: encourage">encouradge</span> Dorothy or else she is just as unrefined as Dorothy seems to be. But I told the Countess
that we did not need any dog.
</p>
<p>So then I met quite a delightful English lady who had a very, very beautiful diamond
tiara in her hand bag because she said that she thought some Americans would be at
the party and it was really a very, very great bargain. I mean I think a diamond tiara
is delightful because it is a place where I really never thought of wearing diamonds
before, and I thought I had almost one of everything until I saw a diamond tiara.
The English lady who is called Mrs. Weeks said it was in her family for years but the good thing about diamonds is they always look new. So
I was really very intreeged and I asked her how much it cost in money and it seems
it was $7,500.
</p>
<p>So then I looked around the room and I noticed a gentleman who seemed to be quite
well groomed. So I asked Major Falcon who he was and he said he was called Sir Francis
Beekman and it seems he is very, very wealthy. So then I asked Major Falcon to give
us an introduction to one another and we met one another and I asked Sir Francis Beekman
if he would hold my hat while I could try on the diamond tiara because I could wear
it backwards with a ribbon, on account of my hair being hobbed, and I told Sir Francis
Beekman that I really thought it looked quite cute. So he thought it did to, but he
seemed to have another engagement. So the Countess came up to me and she is really
very unrefined because she said to me “Do not waste your time on him” because she
said that whenever Sir Francis Beekman spent a haypenny the statue of a gentleman
called Mr. Nelson took off his hat and bowed. I mean some people are so unrefined
they seem to have unrefined thoughts about everything.
</p>
<p>
</p>
<p>So I really have my heart set on the diamond tiara and I became quite worried because
Mrs. Weeks said she was going to a delightful party last night that would be full
of delightful Americans and it would be snaped up. So I was so worried that I gave
her 100 dollars and she is going to hold the diamond tiara for me. Because what is
the use of traveling if you do not take advantadge of oportunities and it really is
quite unusual to get a bargain from an English lady. So last night I cabled Mr. Eisman
and I told Mr. Eisman that he does not seem to <span class="sic" title="Correction: know how">how know</span> much it costs to get educated by traveling and I said I really would have to have $10,000 and I said I hoped I would
not have to borrow the money from some strange English gentleman, even if he might
be very very good looking. So I really could not sleep all night because of all of
my worrying because if I do not get the money to buy the diamond tiara it may be a
quite hard thing to get back $100 from an English lady.
</p>
<p>So now I must really get dressed as Major Falcon is going to take Dorothy and I to
look at all the sights in London. But I really think if I do not get the diamond tiara
my whole trip to London will be quite a failure.
</p>
<p class="dateentry"><i>April 18th</i>:
</p>
<p>Yesterday was quite a day and night. I mean Major Falcon came to take Dorothy and
I to see all the sights in London. So I thought it would be delightful if we had another
gentleman and I made Major Falcon call up Sir Francis Beekman. I mean I had a cable
from Mr. Eisman which told me he could not send me 10,000 dollars but he would send
me 1000 dollars which really would not be a drop in the bucket for the diamond tiara.
So Sir Francis Beekman said that he could not come but I teased him and teased him over the telephone so he finally said he
would come.
</p>
<p>So Major Falcon drives his own car so Dorothy sat with him and I sat with Sir Francis
Beekman but I told him that I was not going to call him Sir Francis Beekman but I
was really going to call him Piggie.
</p>
<p>In London they make a very, very great fuss over nothing at all. I mean London is
really nothing at all. For instants, they make a great fuss over a tower that really
is not even as tall as the Hickox building in Little Rock Arkansas and it would only
make a chimney on one of our towers in New York. So Sir Francis Beekman wanted us
to get out and look at the tower because he said that quite a famous Queen had her
head cut off there one morning and Dorothy said “What a fool she was to get up that
morning” and that is really the only sensible thing that Dorothy has said in London.
So we did not bother to get out.
</p>
<p>So we did not go to any more sights because they really have delicious champagne cocktails
at a very very smart new restaurant called the Cafe de Paris that you could not get in New York for neither love or money and I told Piggie that when you are travelling
you really ought to take advantadges of what you can not do at home.
</p>
<p>
</p>
<p>So while Dorothy and I were in the Cafe de Paris powdering our nose in the lady’s
dressing room we met an American girl who Dorothy knew in the Follies, but now she
is living in London. So she told us all about London. So it seems the gentlemen in
London have quite a quaint custom of not giving a girl many presents. I mean the English
girls really seem to be satisfied with a gold cigaret holder or else what they call
a ‘bangle’ which means a bracelet in English which is only gold and does not have
any stones in it which American girls would really give to their maid. So she said
you could tell what English gentlemen were like when you realize that not even English
ladys could get anything out of them. So she said Sir Francis Beekman was really famous
all over London for not spending so much money as most English gentlemen. So then
Dorothy and I said goodbye to Dorothy’s girl friend and Dorothy said, “Lets tell our
two boy friends that we have a headache and go back to the Ritz, where men are Americans.” Because Dorothy said that the society of a gentleman
like Sir Francis Beekman was to great a price to pay for a couple of rounds of champagne
cocktails. But I told Dorothy that I always believe that there is nothing like trying
and I think it would be nice for an American girl like I to educate an English gentleman
like Piggie, as I call Sir Francis Beekman.
</p>
<p>So then we went back to the table and I almost have to admit that Dorothy is in the
right about Piggie because he really likes to talk quite a lot and he is always talking
about a friend of his who was quite a famous King in London called King Edward. So
Piggie said he would never never forget the jokes King Edward was always saying and
he would never forget one time they were all on a yacht and they were all sitting
at a table and King Edward got up and said “I don’t care what you gentlemen do—I’m
going to smoke a cigar.” So then Piggie laughed very, very loud. So of course I laughed
very, very loud and I told Piggie he was wonderful the way he could tell jokes. I
mean you can always tell when to laugh because Piggie always laughs first.
</p>
<p>So in the afternoon a lot of lady friends of Mrs. Weeks heard about me buying the
diamond tiara and called us up and asked us to their house to tea so Dorothy and I
went and we took a gentleman Dorothy met in the lobby who is very, very good looking
but he is only an English ballroom dancer in a cafe when he has a job.
</p>
<p>So we went to tea to a lady’s house called Lady Elmsworth and what she has to sell
we Americans seems to be a picture of her father painted in oil paint who she said
was a whistler. But I told her my own father was a whistler and used to whistle all
of the time and I did not even have a picture of him but every time he used to go
to Little Rock I asked him to go to the photographers but he did not go.
</p>
<p>So then we met a lady called Lady Chizzleby that wanted us to go to her house to tea
but we told her that we really did not want to buy anything. But she said that she
did not have anything to sell but she wanted to borrow five pounds. So we did not
go and I am really glad that Mr. Eisman did not come to London as all the English
ladys would ask him to tea and he would have a whole ship load of shell flowers and dogs and anteek pictures that do nobody any good.
</p>
<p>So last night Piggie and I and Dorothy and the dancer who is called Gerald went to
the Kit Kat Club as Gerald had nothing better to do because he is out of a job. So
Dorothy and I had quite a little quarrel because I told Dorothy that she was wasting
quite a lot of time going with any gentleman who is out of a job but Dorothy is always
getting to really like somebody and she will never learn how to act. I mean I always
seem to think that when a girl really enjoys being with a gentleman, it puts her to
quite a disadvantage and no real good can come of it.
</p>
<p>Well tonight is going to be quite a night because Major Falcon is going to take Dorothy
and I to a dance at a lady’s house tonight to meet the Prince of Wales. And now I
must get ready to see Piggie because he and I seem to be getting to be quite good
friends even if he has not sent me any flowers yet.
</p>
<p class="dateentry"><i>April 19th</i>:
</p>
<p>Last night we really met the Prince of Wales. I mean Major Falcon called for Dorothy and I at eleven and took us to a ladys house where the lady was having a party.
The Prince of Wales is really wonderful. I mean even if he was not a prince he would
be wonderful, because even if he was not a prince, he would be able to make his living
playing the ukelele, if he had a little more practice. So the lady came up to me and
told me that the Prince of Wales would like to meet me, so she gave us an introduction
to one another and I was very very thrilled when he asked me for a dance. So I decided
I would write down every word he said to me in my diary so I could always go back
and read it over and over when I am really old. So then we started to dance and I
asked him if he was still able to be fond of horses, and he said he was. So after
our dance was all over he asked Dorothy for a dance but Dorothy will never learn how
to act in front of a prince. Because she handed me her fan and she said “Hold this
while I slip a new page into English <span class="sic" title="Correction: history">histry</span>,” right in front of the Prince of Wales. So I was very very worried while Dorothy
was dancing with the Prince of Wales because she talked to the Prince of Wales all
the time and when she got through the Prince of Wales wrote some of the slang words she is always saying
on his cuff, so if he tells the Queen some day to be ‘a good Elk’ or some other slang
word Dorothy is always saying, the Queen will really blame me for bringing such a
girl into English society. So when Dorothy came back we had quite a little quarrel
because Dorothy said that since I met the Prince of Wales I was becoming too English.
But really, I mean to say, I often remember papa back in Arkansas and he often used
to say that his grandpa came from a place in England called Australia, so really,
I mean to say, it is no wonder that the English seems to come out of me sometimes.
Because if a girl seems to have an English accent I really think it is quite jolly.
</p>
<p>
</p>
<p class="dateentry"><i>April 20th</i>:
</p>
<p>Yesterday afternoon I really thought I ought to begin to educate Piggie how to act
with a girl like American gentlemen act with a girl. So I asked him to come up to
have tea in our sitting room in the hotel because I had quite a headache. I mean I
really look quite cute in my pink negligay. So I sent out a <span class="sic" title="Correction: bellhop">bell hop</span> friend of Dorothy and I who is quite a nice boy who is called Harry and who we talk
to quite a lot. So I gave Harry ten pounds of English money and I told him to go to
the most expensive florist and to buy some very very expensive orchids for 10 pounds
and to bring them to our sitting room at fifteen minutes past five and not to say
a word but to say they were for me. So Piggie came to tea and we were having tea when
Harry came in and he did not say a word but he gave me a quite large box and he said
it was for me. So I opened the box and sure enough they were a dozen very very beautiful
orchids. So I looked for a card, but of course there was no card so I grabbed Piggie and I said I would have to give him quite a large hug because it must have
been him. But he said it was not him. But I said it must be him because I said that
there was only one gentleman in London who was so sweet and generous and had such
a large heart to send a girl one dozen orchids like him. So he still said it was not
him. But I said I knew it was him, because there was not a gentleman in London so
really marvelous and so wonderful and such a marvelous gentleman to send a girl one
dozen orchids every day as him. So I really had to apologize for giving him such a
large hug but I told him I was so full of impulses that when I knew he was going to
send me one dozen orchids every day I became so impulsive I could not help it!
</p>
<p>
</p>
<p>So then Dorothy and Gerald came in and I told them all about what a wonderful gentleman
Piggie turned out to be and I told them when a gentleman sent a girl one dozen orchids
every day he really reminded me of a prince. So Piggie blushed quite a lot and he
was really very very pleased and he did not say any more that it was not him. So then
I started to make a fuss over him and I told him he would have to look out because
he was really so good looking and I was so full of impulses that I might even lose
my mind some time and give him a kiss. So Piggie really felt very very good to be
such a good looking gentleman. So he could not help blushing all the time and he could
not help grinning all the time from one ear to another. So he asked us all to dinner
and then he and Gerald went to change their clothes for dinner. So Dorothy and I had
quite a little quarrel after they went because Dorothy asked me which one of the Jesse
James brothers was my father. But I told her I was not so unrefined that I would waste
my time with any gentleman who was only a ballroom dancer when he had a job. So Dorothy
said Gerald was a gentleman because he wrote her a note and it had a crest. So I told her to try and eat it. So then we had to
get dressed.
</p>
<p>So this morning Harry, the boy friend of ours who is the bell hop, waked me up at
ten o’clock because he had a box of one dozen orchids from Piggie. So by the time
Piggie pays for a few dozen orchids, the diamond tiara will really seem like quite
a bargain. Because I always think that spending money is only just a habit and if
you get a gentleman started on buying one dozen orchids at a time he really gets very
good habits.
</p>
<p class="dateentry"><i>April 21st</i>:
</p>
<p>Well, yesterday afternoon I took Piggie shopping on a street called Bond Street. So
I took him to a <span class="sic" title="Correction: jewelry">jewelery</span> store because I told him I had to have a silver picture frame because I had to have
a picture of him to go in it. Because I told Piggie that when a girl gets to know
such a good looking gentleman as him she really wants to have a picture of him on
her dressing table where she can look at it a lot. So Piggie became quite <span class="sic" title="Correction: intrigued">intreeged</span>. So we looked at all the silver picture frames. But then I told him that I really
did not think a silver picture frame was good enough for a picture of him because I forgot that
they had gold picture frames until I saw them. So then we started to look at the gold
picture frames. So then it came out that his picture was taken in his <span class="sic" title="Correction: uniform">unaform</span>. So I said he must be so good looking in his <span class="sic" title="Correction: uniform">unaform</span> that I really did not think even the gold picture frames were good enough but they
did not have any platinum picture frames so we had to buy the best one we could.
</p>
<p>So then I asked him if he could put on his <span class="sic" title="Correction: uniform">unaform</span> tomorrow because I would love to see him in his <span class="sic" title="Correction: uniform">unaform</span> and we could go to tea at Mrs. Weeks. So he really became very pleased because he
grinned quite a lot and he said that he would. So then I said that poor little I would
really look like nothing at all to be going out with him in his <span class="sic" title="Correction: gorgeous">georgous</span> <span class="sic" title="Correction: uniform">unaform</span>. So then we started to look at some bracelets but a lady friend of his who is quite
friendly with his wife, who is in their country house in the country, came in to the
store, so Piggie became quite nervous to be caught in a <span class="sic" title="Correction: jewelry">jewelery</span> store where he has not been for years and years, so we had to go out.
</p>
<p>This morning Gerald called up Dorothy and he said that day after tomorrow they are having a theatrical garden party to sell
things to people for charity so he asked if Dorothy and I would be one of the ones
who sells things to people for charity. So we said we would.
</p>
<p>So now I must telephone Mrs. Weeks and say I will bring Sir Francis Beekman to tea
tomorrow and I hope it all comes out all right. But I really wish Piggie would not
tell so many <span class="sic" title="Correction: stories">storys</span>. I mean I do not mind a gentleman when he tells a great many <span class="sic" title="Correction: stories">storys</span> if they are new, but a gentleman who tells a great many <span class="sic" title="Correction: stories">storys</span> and they are all the same <span class="sic" title="Correction: stories">storys</span> is quite enervating. I mean London is really so uneducational that all I seem to
be learning is some of <span class="sic" title="Correction: Piggie’s">Piggies</span> <span class="sic" title="Correction: stories">storys</span> and I even want to forget them. So I am really becoming jolly well fed up with London.
</p>
<p class="dateentry"><i>April 22nd</i>:
</p>
<p>Yesterday Piggie came in his <span class="sic" title="Correction: uniform">unaform</span> but he was really quite upset because he had a letter. I mean his wife is coming
to London because she always comes to London every year to get her old clothes made
over as she has a girl who does it very very cheap. So she is going to stay with the lady who saw us in the <span class="sic" title="Correction: jewelry">jewelery</span> store, because it always saves money to stay with a friend. So I wanted to cheer
Piggie up so I told him that I did not think the lady saw us and if she did see us,
she really could not believe her eyes to see him in a <span class="sic" title="Correction: jewelry">jewelery</span> store. But I did not tell him that I think that Dorothy and I had better go to Paris
soon. Because, after all, Piggie’s society is beginning to tell on a girls nerves.
But I really made Piggie feel quite good about his <span class="sic" title="Correction: uniform">unaform</span> because I told him I only felt fit to be with him in a diamond tiara. So then I told
him that, even if his wife was in London, we could still be friends, because I could
not help but admire him even if his wife was in London and I told him I really thought
a thing like that was nearly always the result of fate. So then we went to tea at
Mrs. Weeks. So Piggie arranged with Mrs. Weeks to pay her for the diamond tiara and
she nearly fell dead but she will keep it a secret because no one would believe it
anyway. So now I have the diamond tiara and I have to admit that everything always
turns out for the best. But I promised Piggie that I would always stay in London and we would always be friendly. Because Piggie always says that I am the only
one who admires him for what he really is.
</p>
<p>
</p>
<p class="dateentry"><i>April 25th</i>:
</p>
<p>Well, we were so busy the last days I did not have time to write in my diary because
now we are on a ship that seems to be quite a small ship to be sailing to Paris and
we will be at Paris this afternoon. Because it does not take nearly so long to come
to Paris as it does to come to London. I mean it seems quite unusual to think that
it takes 6 days to come to London and only one day to come to Paris.
</p>
<p>So Dorothy is quite upset because she did not want to come as she is madly in love
with Gerald and Gerald said that we really ought not to leave London without going
to see England while we happened to be here. But I told him that if England was the
same kind of a place that London seems to be, I really know <span class="sic" title="Correction: too">to</span> much to bother with such a place. I mean we had quite a little quarrel because Gerald
showed up at the station with a bangle for Dorothy so I told Dorothy she was well
rid of such a person. So Dorothy had to come with me because Mr. Eisman is paying
her expenses because he wants Dorothy to be my chaperone.
</p>
<p>So the last thing in London was the garden party. I sold quite a lot of red <span class="sic" title="Correction: balloons">baloons</span> and I sold a red <span class="sic" title="Correction: balloons">baloon</span> to Harry Lauder the famous Scotch gentleman who is the famous Scotch tenor for 20
pounds. So Dorothy said I did not need to buy any ticket to Paris on the boat because
if I could do that, I could walk across the channel.
</p>
<p>So Piggy does not know that we have gone but I sent him a letter and told him I would
see him some time again some time. And I was really glad to get out of our rooms at
the Ritz—I mean 50 or 60 orchids really make a girl think of a funeral. So I cabled
Mr. Eisman and I told him we could not learn anything in London because we knew to
much, so if we went to Paris at least we could learn French, if we made up our mind
to it.
</p>
<p>So I am really very very <span class="sic" title="Correction: intrigued">intreeged</span> as I have heard so much about Paris and I feel that it must be much more educational
than London and I can hardly wait to see the Ritz hotel in Paris.
</p>
</div>
</div>
<div id="ch4" class="div1 chapter"><div class="divHead">
<h2 class="label">CHAPTER FOUR</h2>
<h2 class="main">PARIS IS DEVINE</h2>
</div>
<div class="divBody">
<p class="first dateentry"><i>April 27th</i>:
</p>
<p>Paris is devine. I mean Dorothy and I got to Paris yesterday, and it really is devine.
Because the French are devine. Because when we were coming off the boat, and we were
coming through the customs, it was quite hot and it seemed to smell quite a lot and
all the French gentlemen in the customs, were squealing quite a lot. So I looked around
and I picked out a French gentleman who was really in a very gorgeous uniform and
he seemed to be a very, very important gentleman and I gave him twenty francs worth
of French money and he was very very gallant and he knocked everybody else down and
took our bags right through the custom. Because I really think that twenty Francs
is quite cheap for a gentleman that has got on at least $100 worth of gold braid on
his coat alone, to speak nothing of his trousers.
</p>
<p>I mean the French gentlemen always seem to be squealing quite a lot, especially taxi drivers when they only get a small size
yellow dime called a ‘fifty santeems’ for a tip. But the good thing about French gentlemen
is that every time a French gentleman starts in to squeal, you can always stop him
with five francs, no matter who he is. I mean it is so refreshing to listen to a French
gentleman stop squeaking, that it would really be quite a bargain even for ten francs.
</p>
<p>So we came to the Ritz Hotel and the Ritz Hotel is devine. Because when a girl can
sit in a delightful bar and have delicious champagne cocktails and look at all the
important French people in Paris, I think it is devine. I mean when a girl can sit
there and look at the Dolly sisters and Pearl White and Maybelle Gilman Corey, and
Mrs. Nash, it is beyond worlds. Because when a girl looks at Mrs. Nash and realizes
what Mrs. Nash has got out of gentlemen, it really makes a girl hold her breath.
</p>
<p>
</p>
<p>And when a girl walks around and reads all of the signs with all of the famous historical
names it really makes you hold your breath. Because when Dorothy and I went on a walk,
we only walked a few blocks but in only a few blocks we read all of the famous historical names, like Coty and
Cartier and I knew we were seeing something educational at last and our whole trip
was not a failure. I mean I really try to make Dorothy get educated and have reverance.
So when we stood at the corner of a place called the Place Vandome, if you turn your
back on a monument they have in the middle and look up, you can see none other than
Coty’s sign. So I said to Dorothy, does it not really give you a thrill to realize
that that is the historical spot where Mr. Coty makes all the perfume? So then Dorothy
said that she supposed Mr. Coty came to Paris and he smelled Paris and he realized
that something had to be done. So Dorothy will really never have any reverance.
</p>
<p>
</p>
<p>So then we saw a jewelry store and we saw some jewelry in the window and it really
seemed to be a very very great bargain but the price marks all had francs on them
and Dorothy and I do not seem to be mathematical enough to tell how much francs is
in money. So we went in and asked and it seems it was only 20 dollars and it seems
it is not diamonds but it is a thing called “paste” which is the name of a word which
means imitations. So Dorothy said “paste” is the name of the word a girl ought to
do to a gentleman that handed her one. I mean I would really be embarrassed, but the gentleman did not seem to understand Dorothy’s
english.
</p>
<p>So it really makes a girl feel depressed to think a girl could not tell that it was
nothing but an imitation. I mean a gentleman could deceeve a girl because he could
give her a present and it would only be worth 20 dollars. So when Mr. Eisman comes
to Paris next week, if he wants to make me a present I will make him take me along
with him because he is really quite an inveteran bargain hunter at heart. So the gentleman
at the jewelry store said that quite a lot of famous girls in Paris had imitations
of all their jewelry and they put the jewelry in the safe and they really wore the
imitations, so they could wear it and have a good time. But I told him I thought that
any girl who was a lady would not even think of having such a good time that she did
not remember to hang on to her jewelry.
</p>
<p>So then we went back to the Ritz and unpacked our trunks with the aid of really a
delightful waiter who brought us up some delicious luncheon and who is called Leon
and who speaks english almost like an American and who Dorothy and I talk to quite a lot. So Leon said that we ought not to stay
around the Ritz all of the time, but we really ought to see Paris. So Dorothy said
she would go down in the lobby and meet some gentleman to show us Paris. So in a couple
of minutes she called up on the telephone from the lobby and she said “I have got
a French bird down here who is a French title nobleman, who is called a veecount so
come on down.” So I said “How did a Frenchman get into the Ritz.” So Dorothy said
“He came in to get out of the rain and he has not noticed that it is stopped.” So
I said “I suppose you have picked up something without taxi fare as usual. Why did
you not get an American gentleman who always have money?” So Dorothy said she thought
a French gentleman had ought to know Paris better. So I said “He does not even know
it is not raining.” But I went down.
</p>
<p>So the veecount was really delightful after all. So then we rode around and we saw
Paris and we saw how devine it really is. I mean the Eyefull Tower is devine and it
is much more educational than the London Tower, because you can not even see the London
Tower if you happen to be two blocks away. But when a girl looks at the Eyefull Tower
she really knows she is looking at something. And it would even be very difficult
not to notice the Eyefull Tower.
</p>
<p>So then we went to a place called the Madrid to tea and it really was devine. I mean
we saw the Dolley Sisters and Pearl White and Mrs. Corey and Mrs. Nash all over again.
</p>
<p>So then we went to dinner and then we went to Momart and it really was devine because
we saw them all over again. I mean in Momart they have genuine American jazz bands
and quite a lot of New York people which we knew and you really would think you were
in New York and it was devine. So we came back to the Ritz quite late. So Dorothy
and I had quite a little quarrel because Dorothy said that when we were looking at
Paris I asked the French veecount what was the name of the unknown soldier who is
buried under quite a large monument. So I said I really did not mean to ask him, if
I did, because what I did mean to ask him was, what was the name of his mother because it is always the mother of a dead soldier that I always seem to think about
more than the dead soldier that has died.
</p>
<p>So the French veecount is going to call up in the morning but I am not going to see
him again. Because French gentlemen are really quite deceeving. I mean they take you
to quite cute places and they make you feel quite good about yourself and you really
seem to have a delightful time but when you get home and come to think it all over,
all you have got is a fan that only cost 20 francs and a doll that they gave you away
for nothing in a restaurant. I mean a girl has to look out in Paris, or she would
have such a good time in Paris that she would not get anywheres. So I really think
that American gentlemen are the best after all, because kissing your hand may make
you feel very very good but a diamond and safire bracelet lasts forever. Besides,
I do not think that I ought to go out with any gentlemen in Paris because Mr. Eisman
will be here next week and he told me that the only kind of gentlemen he wants me
to go out with are intelectual gentlemen who are good for a girls brains. So I really
do not seem to see many gentlemen around the Ritz who seem to look like they would be good for a girl’s brains.
So tomorrow we are going to go shopping and I suppose it would really be to much to
expect to find a gentleman who would look to Mr. Eisman like he was good for a girls
brains and at the same time he would like to take us shopping.
</p>
<p>
</p>
<p class="dateentry"><i>April 29th</i>:
</p>
<p>Yesterday was quite a day. I mean Dorothy and I were getting ready to go shopping
and the telephone rang and they said that Lady Francis Beekman was down stairs and
she wanted to come up stairs. So I really was quite surprised. I mean I did not know
what to say, so I said all right. So then I told Dorothy and then we put our brains
together. Because it seems that Lady Francis Beekman is the wife of the gentleman
called Sir Francis Beekman who was the admirer of mine in London who seemed to admire
me so much that he asked me if he could make me a present of a diamond tiara. So it
seemed as if his wife must have heard about it, and it really seemed as if she must
have come clear over from London about it. So there was a very very loud knock at
the door so we asked her to come in. So Lady Francis Beekman came in and she is a
quite large size lady who seems to resemble Bill Hart quite a lot. I mean Dorothy
thinks that Lady Francis Beeckman resembles Bill Hart quite a lot, only she really
thinks she looks more like Bill Hart’s horse. So it seems that she said that if I
did not give her back the diamond tiara right away, she would make quite a fuss and
she would ruin my reputation. Because she said that something really must be wrong
about the whole thing. Because it seems that Sir Francis Beekman and she have been
married for 35 years and the last present he gave to her was a wedding ring. So Dorothy
spoke up and she said “Lady you could no more ruin my girl friends reputation than
you could sink the Jewish fleet.” I mean I was quite proud of Dorothy the way she
stood up for my reputation. Because I really think that there is nothing so wonderful
as two girls when they stand up for each other and help each other a lot. Because
no matter how vigarous Lady Francis Beekman seems to be, she had to realize that she
could not sink a whole fleet full of ships. So she had to stop talking against my reputation.
</p>
<p>
</p>
<p>So then she said she would drag it into the court and she would say that it was undue
influence. So I said to her, “If you wear that hat into a court, we will see if the
judge thinks it took an undue influence to make Sir Francis Beekman look at a girl.”
So then Dorothy spoke up and Dorothy said “My girl friend is right, Lady. You have
got to be the Queen of England to get away with a hat like that.” So Lady Francis
Beekman seemed to get quite angry. So then she said she would send for Sir Francis
Beekman where he suddenly went to Scotland, to go hunting when he found out that Lady
Francis Beekman had found out. So Dorothy said “Do you mean that you have left Sir
Francis Beekman loose with all those spendthrifts down in Scotland?” So Dorothy said
she would better look out or he would get together with the boys some night and simply
massacre a haypenny. I mean I always encouradge Dorothy to talk quite a lot when we
are talking to unrefined people like Lady Francis Beekman, because Dorothy speaks
their own languadge to unrefined people better than a refined girl like I. So Dorothy
said, “You had better not send for Sir Francis Beekman because if my girl friend really
wanted to turn loose on Sir Francis Beekman, all he would have left would be his title.”
So then I spoke right up and said Yes that I was an American girl and we American
girls do not care about a title because we American girls always say that what is
good enough for Washington is good enough for us. So Lady Francis Beekman really seemed
to get more angry and more angry all of the time.
</p>
<p>So then she said that if it was necessary, she would tell the judge that Sir Francis
Beekman went out of his mind when he gave it to me. So Dorothy said “Lady, if you go into a court and if the judge gets a good
look at you, he will think that Sir Francis Beekman was out of his mind 35 years ago.”
So then Lady Francis Beekman said she knew what kind of a person she had to deal with
and she would not deal with any such a person because she said it hurt her dignity.
So Dorothy said “Lady, if we hurt your dignity like you hurt our eyesight I hope for
your sake, you are a Christian science.” So that seemed to make Lady Francis Beekman
angry. So she said she would turn it all over to her soliciter. So when she went out
she tripped over quite a long train which she had on her skirt and she nearly fell
down. So Dorothy leaned out of the door and Dorothy called down the hall and said,
“Take a tuck in that skirt Isabel, its 1925.” So I really felt quite depressed because
I felt as if our whole morning was really very unrefined just because we had to mix
with such an unrefined lady as Lady Francis Beekman.
</p>
<p class="dateentry"><i>April 30th</i>:
</p>
<p>So sure enough yesterday morning Lady Francis Beekman’s solicitor came. Only he really was not a solicitor, but his name was on a card and it seems his name is Mons.
Broussard and it seems that he is an advocat because an advocat is a lawyer in the
French <span class="sic" title="Correction: language">landguage</span>. So Dorothy and I were getting dressed and we were in our <span class="sic" title="Correction: negligee">negligay</span> as usual when there was quite a loud knock on the door and before we could even say
come in he jumped right into the room. So it seems that he is of French extraction.
I mean Lady Francis Beekman’s solicitor can really squeal just like a taxi driver.
I mean he was squealing quite loud when he jumped into the room and he kept right
on squealing. So Dorothy and I rushed into the parlor and Dorothy looked at him and
Dorothy said, “This town has got to stop playing jokes on us every morning” because
our nerves could not stand it. So Mons. Broussard handed us his card and he squealed
and squealed and he really waved his arms in the air quite a lot. So Dorothy said
He gives quite a good imitation of the Moulan Rouge, which is really a red wind mill,
only Dorothy said he makes more noise and he runs on his own wind. So we stood and
watched him for quite a long while, but he seemed to get quite monotonous after quite a long while because he was always talking in French, which really means
nothing to us. So Dorothy said “Lets see if 25 francs will stop him, because if 5
francs will stop a taxi driver, 25 francs ought to stop an advocat.” Because he was
making about 5 times as much noise as a taxi driver and 5 times 5 is 25. So as soon
as he heard us start in to talk about francs he seemed to calm down quite a little.
So Dorothy got her pocket book and she gave him 25 francs. So then he stopped squealing
and he put it in his pocket, but then he got out quite a large size handkerchief with
purple elefants on it and he started in to cry. So Dorothy really got discouraged
and she said<span class="corr" id="xd31e1033" title="Source: .">,</span> “Look here, you have given us a quite an amusing morning but if you keep that up
much longer, wet or dry, out you go.”
</p>
<p>So then he started in to pointing at the telephone and he seemed to want to use the
telephone and Dorothy said, “If you think you can get a number over that thing, go
to it, but as far as we have found out, it is a wall bracket.” So then he started
in to telephone so Dorothy and I went about our business to get dressed. So when he
finished telephoning he kept running to my door and then he kept running to Dorothy’s door, and he kept
on crying and talking a lot, but he seemed to have lost all of his novelty to us so
we paid no more attention to him.
</p>
<p>So finally there was another loud knock on the door so we heard him rush to the door
so we both went in to the parlor to see what it was and it really was a sight. Because
it was another Frenchman. So the new Frenchman rushed in and he yelled Papa and he
kissed him. So it seems that it was his son because his son is really his papa’s partner
in the advocat business. So then his papa talked quite a lot and then he pointed at
I and Dorothy. So then his son looked at us and then his son let out quite a large
size squeal, and he said in French “May papa, elles sont sharmant.” So it seems he
was telling his papa in French that we were really charming. So then Mons. Broussard
stopped crying and put on his glasses and took a good look at us. So then his son
put up the window shade, so his papa could get a better look at us. So when his papa
had finished looking at us he really became delighted. So he became all smiles and
he pinched our cheeks and he kept on saying Sharmant all of the time because Sharmant means charming in
the French languadge. So then his son broke right out into english and he really speaks
english as good as an American. So then he told us his papa telephoned for him to
come over because we did not seem to understand what his papa was saying to us. So
it seems that Mons. Broussard had been talking to us in english all of the time but
we did not seem to understand his kind of english. So Dorothy said, “If what your
papa was talking in was english, I could get a gold medal for my greek.” So then his
son told his papa and his papa laughed very very loud and he pinched Dorothys cheek
and he was very delighted even if the joke was on him. So then Dorothy and I asked
his son what he was saying, when he was talking to us in english and his son said
he was telling us all about his client, Lady Francis Beekman. So then we asked his
son why his papa kept crying. So then his son said his papa kept crying because he
was thinking about Lady Francis Beekman. So Dorothy said, “If he cries when he thinks
about her, what does he do when he looks at her?” So then his son explained to his papa what Dorothy said. So then Mons. Broussard laughed
very very loud, so then he kissed Dorothy’s hand, so he said, after that, we would
all really have to have a bottle of champagne. So he went to the telephone and ordered
a bottle of champagne.
</p>
<p>So then his son said to his papa, “Why do we not ask the charming ladies to go out
to Fountainblo to-day.” So his papa said it would be charming. So then I said, “How
are we going to tell you gentlemen apart, because if it is the same in Paris as it
is in America, you would both seem to be Monshure Broussard.<span class="corr" id="xd31e1048" title="Not in source">”</span> So then we got the idea to call them by their first name. So it seems that his son’s
name is Louie so Dorothy spoke up and said, “I hear that they number all of you Louies
over here in Paris.” Because a girl is always hearing some one talk about Louie the
sixteenth who seemed to be in the anteek furniture business. I mean I was surprised
to hear Dorothy get so historical so she may really be getting educated in spite of
everything. But Dorothy told Louie he need not try to figure out his number because
she got it the minute she looked at him. So it seems his papa’s name is Robber, which means Robert in French. So Dorothy started in to
think about her 25 francs and she said to Robber, “Your mother certainly knew her
<span class="sic" title="Correction: grammar">grammer</span> when she called you that.”
</p>
<p>So Dorothy said we might as well go out to Fountainblo with Louie and Robber if Louie
would take off his yellow spats that were made out of yellow shammy skin with pink
pearl buttons. Because Dorothy said, “Fun is fun but no girl wants to laugh all of
the time.” So Louie is really always anxious to please, so he took off his spats but
when he took off his spats, we saw his socks and when we saw his socks we saw that
they were Scotch plaid with small size rainbows running through them. So Dorothy looked
at them a little while and she really became quite discouraged and she said, “Well
Louie, I think you had better put your spats back on.”
</p>
<p>So then Leon, our friend who is the waiter, came in with the bottle of champagne.
So while he was opening the bottle of champagne Louie and Robber talked together in
French quite a lot and I really think I had ought to find out what they said in French
because it might be about the diamond tiara. Because French gentlemen are very very
gallant, but I really do not think a girl can trust one of them around a corner. So,
when I get a chance, I am going to ask Leon what they said.
</p>
<p>So then we went to Fountainblo and then we went to Momart and we got home very late,
and we really had quite a delightful day and night, even if we did not go out shopping
and buy anything. But I really think we ought to do more shopping because shopping
really seems to be what Paris is principaly for.
</p>
<p class="dateentry"><i>May 1st</i>:
</p>
<p>Well this morning I sent for Leon, who is Dorothy and my waiter friend, and I asked
him what Louie and Robber said in French. So it seems that they said in French that
we seemed to attract them very very much because they really thought that we were
very very charming, and they had not met girls that were so charming in quite a long
time. So it seems that they said that they would ask us out a lot and that they would
charge up all the bills to Lady Francis Beekman because they would watch for their chance and
they would steal the diamond tiara. So then they said that even if they could not
steal it from us, we were really so charming that it would be delightful to go around
with us, even if they could not steal from us. So no matter what happens they really
could not lose. Because it seems that Lady Francis Beekman would be glad to pay all
the bills when they told her they had to take us out a lot so they could watch for
their chance and steal it. Because Lady Francis Beekman is the kind of a wealthy lady
that does not spend money on anything else but she will always spend money on a law
suit. And she really would not mind spending the money because it seems that something
either I or Dorothy said to Lady Francis Beekman seemed to make her angry.
</p>
<p>So then I decided it was time to do some thinking and I really thought quite a lot.
So I told Dorothy I thought I would put the real diamond tiara in the safe at the
Ritz and then I would buy an imitation of a diamond tiara at the jewelry store that
has the imitations that are called paste. So then I would leave the imitation of the diamond tiara lying around, so Louie and Robber could see
how careless I seem to be with it so then they would get full of encouradgement. So
when we go out with Louie and Robber I could put it in my hand bag and I could take
it with me so Louie and Robber could always feel that the diamond tiara was within
reach. So then Dorothy and I could get them to go shopping and we could get them to
spend quite a lot and every time they seemed to get discouradged, I could open my
hand bag, and let them get a glimpse of the imitation of a diamond tiara and they
would become more encouradged and then they would spend some more money. Because I
even might let them steal it at the last, because they were really charming gentlemen
after all and I really would like to help Louie and Robber. I mean it would be quite
amusing for them to steal it for Lady Francis Beekman and she would have to pay them
quite a lot and then she would find out it was only made out of paste after all. Because
Lady Francis Beekman has never seen the real diamond tiara and the imitation of a
diamond tiara would really deceive her, at least until Louie and Robber got all of their money for all of the hard work they did. I mean the imitation
of a diamond tiara would only cost about 65 dollars and what is 65 dollars if Dorothy
and I could do some delightful shopping and get some delightful presents that would
even seem more delightful when we stopped to realize that Lady Francis Beekman paid
for them. And it would teach Lady Francis Beekman a lesson not to say what she said
to two American girls like I and Dorothy, who were all alone in Paris and had no gentleman
to protect them.
</p>
<p>So when I got through telling Dorothy what I thought up, Dorothy looked at me and
looked at me and she really said she thought my brains were a miracle. I mean she
said my brains reminded her of a radio because you listen to it for days and days
and you get discouradged and just when you are getting ready to smash it, something
comes out that is a masterpiece.
</p>
<p>So then Louie called us up so Dorothy told him that we thought it would be delightful
if he and Robber would take us out shopping tomorrow morning. So then Louie asked
his papa and his papa said they would. So then they asked us if we would like to go to see a play called The Foley Bergere tonight.
So he said that all of the French people who live in Paris are always delighted to
have some Americans, so it will give them an excuse to go to the Foley Bergere. So
we said we would go. So now Dorothy and I are going out shopping to buy the imitation
of a diamond tiara and we are going out window shopping to pick out where we would
like Louie and Robber to take us shopping tomorrow.
</p>
<p>So I really think that everything always works out for the best. Because after all,
we really need some gentlemen to take us around until Mr. Eisman gets to Paris and
we could not go around with any really attractive gentlemen because Mr. Eisman only
wants me to go out with gentlemen that have brains. So I said to Dorothy that, even
if Louie and Robber do not look so full of brains, we could tell Mr. Eisman that all
we were learning from them was French. So even if I have not seemed to learn French
yet, I have really almost learned to understand Robbers english so when Robber talks
in front of Mr. Eisman and I seem to understand what he is saying, Mr. Eisman will probably think I know French.
</p>
<p class="dateentry"><i>May 2nd</i>:
</p>
<p>So last night we went to the Foley Bergere and it really was <span class="sic" title="Correction: divine">devine</span>. I mean it was very very artistic because it had girls in it that were in the nude.
So one of the girls was a friend of Louie and he said that she was a very very nice
girl, and that she was only 18 years of age. So Dorothy said, “She is slipping it
over on you Louie, because how could a girl get such dirty knees in only 18 years?”
So Louie and Robber really laughed very very loud. I mean Dorothy was very unrefined
at the Foley Bergere. But I always think that when girls are in the nude it is very
artistic and if you have artistic thoughts you think it is beautiful and I really
would not laugh in an artistic place like the Foley Bergere.
</p>
<p>So I wore the imitation of a diamond tiara to the Foley Bergere. I mean it really
would <span class="sic" title="Correction: deceive">deceeve</span> an expert and Louie and Robber could hardly take their eyes off of it. But they did
not really annoy me because I had it tied on very very tight. I mean it would be fatal if they got the diamond tiara before Dorothy and I took them shopping a lot.
</p>
<p>
</p>
<p>So we are all ready to go shopping this morning and Robber was here bright and early
and he is in the parlor with Dorothy and we are waiting for Louie. So I left the daimond
tiara on the table in the parlor so Robber could see how careless I really am with
everything but Dorothy is keeping her eye on Robber. So I just heard Louie come in
because I heard him kissing Robber. I mean Louie is always kissing Robber and Dorothy
told Louie that if he did not stop kissing Robber, people would think that he painted
batiks.
</p>
<p>So now I must join the others and I will put the diamond tiara in my hand bag so that
Louie and Robber will feel that it is always around and we will all go shopping. And
I almost have to smile when I think of Lady Francis Beekman.
</p>
<p class="dateentry"><i>May 3rd</i>:
</p>
<p>Yesterday was really delightful. I mean Louie and Robber bought Dorothy and I some
delightful presents. But then they began to run out of all the franks they had with
them, so they began to get discouradged but just as soon as they began to get discouradged,
I gave Robber my hand bag to hold while I went to the fitting room to try on a blouse.
So he was cheered up quite a lot, but of course Dorothy stayed with them and kept
her eye on Robber so he did not get a chance. But it really cheered him up quite a
lot to even hold it.
</p>
<p>So after all their franks were gone, Robber said he would have to telephone to some
one, so I suppose he telephoned to Lady Francis Beekman and she must have said All
right because Robber left us at a place called the Cafe de la Paix because he had
to go on an errand and when he came back from his errand he seemed to have quite a
lot more franks. So then they took us to luncheon so that after luncheon we could
go out shopping some more.
</p>
<p>But I am really learning quite a lot of French in spite of everything. I mean if you
want delicious chicken and peas for luncheon all you have to say is “pettypas” and
<span class="corr" id="xd31e1119" title="Source: ‘">“</span>pulle.” I mean French is really very easy, for instance the French use the word “sheik”
for everything, while we only seem to use it for gentlemen when they seem to resemble Rudolf Valentino.
</p>
<p>So while we were shopping in the afternoon I saw Louie get Dorothy off in a corner
and whisper to her quite a lot. So then I saw Robber get her off in a corner and whisper
to her quite a lot. So when we got back to the Ritz, Dorothy told me why they whispered
to her. So it seems when Louie whispered to Dorothy, Louie told Dorothy that if she
would steal the diamond tiara from me and give it to him and not let his papa know,
he would give her 1000 franks. Because it seems that Lady Francis Beekman has got
her heart set on it and she will pay quite a lot for it because she is quite angry
and when she really gets as angry as she is, she is only a woman with one idea. So
if Louie could get it and his papa would not find it out, he could keep all the money
for himself. So it seems that later on, when Robber was whispering to Dorothy, he
was making her the same proposition for 2000 franks so that Louie would not find out
and Robber could keep all the money for himself. So I really think it would be delightful
if Dorothy could make some money for herself because it might make Dorothy get some ambishions. So tomorrow morning Dorothy is going to take the diamond
tiara and she is going to tell Louie that she stole it and she is going to sell it
to Louie. But she will make him hand over the money first and then, just as she is
going to hand over the diamond tiara, I am going to walk in on them and say, “Oh there
is my diamond tiara. I have been looking for it everywhere.” So then I will get it
back. So then she will tell him that she might just as well keep the 1000 franks because
she will steal it for him again in the afternoon. So in the afternoon she is going
to sell it to Robber and I really think we will let Robber keep it. Because I am quite
fond of Robber. I mean he is quite a sweet old gentleman and it is really refreshing
the way he and his son love one another. Because even if it is unusual for an American
to see a French gentleman always kissing his father, I really think it is refreshing
and I think that we Americans would be better off if we American fathers and sons
would love one another more like Louie and Robber.
</p>
<p>So Dorothy and I have quite a lot of delightful hand bags and stockings and handkerchiefs
and scarfs and things and some quite cute models of evening gowns that are all covered with imitations of diamonds,
only they do not call them “paste” when they are on a dress but they call them “diamonteys”
and I really think a girl looks quite cute when she is covered all over with “diamonteys.”
</p>
<p class="dateentry"><i>May 5th</i>:
</p>
<p>So yesterday morning Dorothy sold the imitation of a diamond tiara to Louie. So then
we got it back. So in the afternoon we all went out to Versigh. I mean Louie and Robber
were quite delighted not to go shopping any more so I suppose that Lady Francis Beekman
really thinks that there is a limit to almost everything. So I took Louie for a walk
at Versigh so that Dorothy would have a chance to sell it to Robber. So then she sold
it to Robber. So then he put it in his pocket. But when we were coming home I got
to thinking things over and I really got to thinking that an imitation of a diamond
tiara was quite a good thing to have after all. I mean especially if a girl goes around
a lot in Paris, with admirers who are of the French extraction. And after all, I really
do not think a girl ought to encouradge Robber to steal something from two American girls who are all alone in Paris and have no gentleman
to protect them. So I asked Dorothy which pocket Robber put it in, so I sat next to
him in the automobile coming home and I took it out.
</p>
<p>
</p>
<p>So we were in quite a quaint restaurant for dinner when Robber put his hand in his
pocket and then he started in to squeal once more. So it seems he had lost something,
so he and Louie had one of their regular squealing and shoulder shrugging matches.
But Louie told his papa that he did not steal it out of his papa’s pocket. But then
Robber started in to cry to think that his son would steal something out of his own
papa’s pocket. So after Dorothy and I had had about all we could stand, I told them all about it.
I mean I really felt sorry for Robber so I told him not to cry any more because it
was nothing but paste after all. So then I showed it to them. So then Louie and Robber
looked at Dorothy and I and they really held their breath. So I suppose that most
of the girls in Paris do not have such brains as we American girls.
</p>
<p>So after it was all over, Louie and Robber seemed to be so depressed that I really
felt sorry for them. So I got an idea. So I told them that we would all go out tomorrow
to the imitation of a jewelry store and they could buy another imitation of a diamond
tiara to give to Lady Francis Beekman and they could get the man in the jewelry store
to put on the bill that it was a hand bag and they could charge the bill to Lady Francis
Beekman along with the other expenses. Because Lady Francis Beekman had never seen
the real diamond tiara anyway. So Dorothy spoke up and Dorothy said that as far as
Lady Francis Beekman would know about diamonds, you could nick off a piece of ice
and give it to her, only it would melt. So then Robber looked at me and looked at me, and he reached over and kissed me on the
forehead in a way that was really full of reverance.
</p>
<p>So then we had quite a delightful evening. I mean because we all seem to understand
one another because, after all, Dorothy and I could really have a platonick friendship
with gentlemen like Louie and Robber. I mean there seems to be something common between
us, especially when we all get to thinking about Lady Francis Beekman.
</p>
<p>So they are going to charge Lady Francis Beekman quite a lot of money when they give
her the imitation of a diamond tiara and I told Robber if she seems to complane, to
ask her, if she knew that Sir Francis Beekman sent me 10 pounds worth of orchids every
day while we were in London. So that would make her so angry that she would be glad
to pay almost anything to get the diamond tiara.
</p>
<p>So when Lady Francis Beekman pays them all the money, Louie and Robber are going to
give us a dinner in our honor at Ciros. So when Mr. Eisman gets here on Saturday,
Dorothy and I are going to make Mr. Eisman give Louie and Robber a dinner in their
honor at Ciros because of the way they helped us when we were two American girls all
alone in Paris and could not even speak the French landguage.
</p>
<p>So Louie and Robber asked us to come to a party at their sister’s house today but
Dorothy says we had better not go because it is raining and we both have brand new
umbrellas that are quite cute and Dorothy says she would not think of leaving a brand
new umbrella in a French lady’s hall and it is no fun to hang on to an umbrella all
the time you are at a party. So we had better be on the safe side and stay away. So
we called up Louie and told him we had a headache but we thanked him for all of his
hospitality. Because it is the way all the French people like Louie and Robber are
so hospitable to we Americans that really makes Paris so devine.
</p>
</div>
</div>
<div id="ch5" class="div1 chapter"><div class="divHead">
<h2 class="label">CHAPTER FIVE</h2>
<h2 class="main">THE CENTRAL OF EUROPE</h2>
</div>
<div class="divBody">
<p class="first dateentry"><i>May 16th</i>:
</p>
<p>I really have not written in my diary for quite a long time, because Mr. Eisman arrived
in Paris and when Mr. Eisman is in Paris we really do not seem to do practically anything
else but the same thing.
</p>
<p>
</p>
<p>I mean we go shopping and we go to a show and we go to Momart and when a girl is always
going with Mr. Eisman nothing practically happens. And I did not even bother to learn
any more French because I always seem to think it is better to leave French to those that can not do anything
else but talk French. So finally Mr. Eisman seemed to lose quite a lot of interest
in all of my shopping. So he heard about a button factory that was for sale quite
cheaply in Vienna and as Mr. Eisman is in the button profession, he thought it would
be a quite good thing to have a button factory in Vienna so he went to Vienna and
he said he did not care if he did not ever see the rue de la Paix again. So he said
if he thought Vienna would be good for a girl’s brains, he would send for Dorothy
and I and we could meet him at Vienna and learn something. Because Mr. Eisman really
wants me to get educated more than anything else, especially shopping.
</p>
<p>So now we have a telegram, and Mr. Eisman says in the telegram for Dorothy and I to
take an oriental express because we really ought to see the central of Europe because
we American girls have quite a lot to learn in the central of Europe. So Dorothy says
if Mr. Eisman wants us to see the central of Europe she bets there is not a rue de
la Paix in the whole central of Europe.
</p>
<p>So Dorothy and I are going to take an oriental express tomorrow and I really think it is quite unusual for two American
girls like I and Dorothy to take an oriental express all alone, because it seems that
in the Central of Europe they talk some other kinds of <span class="sic" title="Correction: languages">landguages</span> which we do not understand besides French. But I always think that there is nearly
always some gentleman who will protect two American girls like I and Dorothy who are
all alone and who are traveling in the Central of Europe to get educated.
</p>
<p class="dateentry"><i>May 17th</i>:
</p>
<p>So now we are on an oriental express and everything seems to be quite unusual. I mean
Dorothy and I got up this morning and we looked out of the window of our compartment
and it was really quite unusual. Because it was farms, and we saw quite a lot of girls
who seemed to be putting small size hay stacks onto large size hay stacks while their
husbands seemed to sit at a table under quite a shady tree and drink beer. Or else
their husbands seemed to sit on a fence and smoke their pipe and watch them. So Dorothy
and I looked at two girls who seemed to be ploughing up all of the ground with only
the aid of a cow and Dorothy said, “I think we girls have gone one step <span class="sic" title="Correction: too">to</span> far away from New York, because it begins to look to me as if the Central of Europe
is no country for we girls.” So we both became quite worried. I mean I became quite
depressed because if this is what Mr. Eisman thinks we American girls ought to learn
I really think it is quite depressing. So I do not think we care to meet any gentlemen
who have been born and raised in the Central of Europe. I mean the more I travel and
the more I seem to see other gentlemen the more I seem to think of American gentlemen.
</p>
<p>So now I am going to get dressed and go to the dining car and look for some American
gentleman and hold a conversation, because I really feel so depressed. I mean Dorothy
keeps trying to depress me because she keeps saying that I will probably end up in
a farm in the Central of Europe doing a sister act with a plough. Because Dorothy’s
jokes are really very unrefined and I think that I will feel much better if I go to
the dining car and have some luncheon.
</p>
<hr class="tb"/><p>
</p>
<p>Well I went to the dining car and I met a gentleman who was quite a delightful American gentleman, I mean it was quite a co-instance,
because we girls have always heard about Henry Spoffard and it was really nobody else
but the famous Henry Spoffard, who is the famous Spoffard family, who is a very very
fine old family who is very very wealthy. I mean Mr. Spoffard is one of the most famous
familys in New York and he is not like most gentlemen who are wealthy, but he works
all of the time for the good of the others. I mean he is the gentleman who always
gets his picture in all of the newspapers because he is always senshuring all of the
plays that are not good for peoples morals. And all of we girls remember the time
when he was in the Ritz for luncheon and he met a gentleman friend of his and the
gentleman friend had Peggy Hopkins Joyce to luncheon and he introduced Peggy Hopkins
Joyce to Mr. Spoffard and Mr. Spoffard turned on his heels and walked away. Because
Mr. Spoffard is a very very famous Prespyterian and he is really much to Prespyterian
to meet Peggy Hopkins Joyce. I mean it is unusual to see a gentleman who is such a
young gentleman as Mr. Spoffard be so Prespyterian, because when most gentlemen are 35 years of age their minds nearly always seem to
be on something else.
</p>
<p>So when I saw no one else but the famous Mr. Spoffard I really became quite thrilled.
Because all of we girls have tried very hard to have an introduction to Henry Spoffard
and it was quite unusual to be shut up on a train in the Central of Europe with him.
So I thought it would be quite unusual for a girl like I to have a friendship with
a gentleman like Mr. Spoffard, who really does not even look at a girl unless she
at least looks like a <span class="sic" title="Correction: Presbyterian">Prespyterian</span>. And I mean our family in Little Rock were really not so <span class="sic" title="Correction: Presbyterian">Prespyterians</span>.
</p>
<p>So I thought I would sit at his table. So then I had to ask him about all of the money
because all of the money they use in the Central of Europe has not even got so much
sense to it as the kind of franks they use in Paris. Because it seems to be called
kronens and it seems to take quite a lot of them because it takes 50,000 of them to
even buy a small size package of cigarettes and Dorothy says if the cigarettes had
tobacco in them, we couldn’t lift enough kronens over a counter to pay for a package. So this morning Dorothy and I asked the porter to bring us a bottle of
champagne and we really did not know what to give him for a tip. So Dorothy said for
me to take one of the things called a one million kronens and she would take one of
them called a one million kronens and I would give him mine first and if he gave me
quite a dirty look, she would give him hers. So after we paid for the bottle of champagne
I gave him my one million kronens and before we could do anything else he started
in to grabbing my hand and kissing my hand and getting down on his knees. So we finally
had to push him right out of the compartment. So one million kronens seemed to be
enough. So I told Mr. Spoffard how we did not know what to give the porter when he
brought us our bottle of minral water. So then I asked him to tell me all about all
of the money because I told him I always seem to think that a penny earned was a penny
saved. So it really was quite unusual because Mr. Spoffard said that that was his
favorite motto.
</p>
<hr class="tb"/><p>
</p>
<p>So then we got to talking quite a lot and I told him that I was traveling to get educated
and I told him I had a girl with me who I was trying to reform because I thought if
she would put her mind more on getting educated, she would get more reformed. Because
after all Mr. Spoffard will have to meet Dorothy sooner or later and he might wonder
what a refined girl like I was doing with a girl like Dorothy. So Mr. Spoffard really
became quite <span class="sic" title="Correction: intrigued">intreeged</span>. Because Mr. Spoffard loves to reform people and he loves to <span class="sic" title="Correction: censure">senshure</span> everything and he really came over to Europe to look at all the things that Americans
come over to Europe to look at, when they really should not look at them but they
should look at all of the museums instead. Because if that is all we Americans come
to Europe to look at, we should stay home and look at America first. So Mr. Spoffard
spends all of his time looking at things that spoil <span class="sic" title="Correction: people’s">peoples</span> morals. So Mr. Spoffard really must have very very strong morals or else all the
things that spoil other <span class="sic" title="Correction: people’s">peoples</span> morals would spoil his morals. But they do not seem to spoil Mr. <span class="sic" title="Correction: Spoffard’s">Spoffards</span> morals and I really think it is wonderful to have such strong morals. So I told Mr.
Spoffard that I thought that civilization is not what it ought to be and we really ought to have something else to take its place.
</p>
<p>So Mr. Spoffard said that he would come to call on Dorothy and I in our compartment
this afternoon and we would talk it all over, if his mother does not seem to need
him in her compartment. Because Mr. Spoffards mother always travels with Mr. Spoffard
and he never does anything unless he tells his mother all about it, and asks his mother
if he ought to. So he told me that that is the reason he has never got married, because
his mother does not think that all of the flappers we seem to have nowadays are what
a young man ought to marry when a young man is full of so many morals as Mr. Spoffard
seems to be full of. So I told Mr. Spoffard that I really felt just like his mother
feels about all of the flappers because I am an old fashioned girl.
</p>
<p>So then I got to worrying about Dorothy quite a lot because Dorothy is really not
so old-fashioned and she might say something in front of Mr. Spoffard that might make
Mr. Spoffard wonder what such an old-fashioned girl as I was doing with such a girl
as Dorothy. So I told him how I was having quite a hard time reforming Dorothy and I would like to have him meet Dorothy so he could
tell me if he really thinks I am wasting quite a lot of time trying to reform a girl
like Dorothy. So then he had to go to his mother. So I really hope that Dorothy will
act more reformed than she usually acts in front of Mr. Spoffard.
</p>
<p>Well Mr. Spoffard just left our compartment so he really came to pay a call on us
after all. So Mr. Spoffard told us all about his mother and I was really very very
intreeged because if Mr. Spoffard and I become friendly he is the kind of a gentleman
that always wants a girl to meet his mother. I mean if a girl gets to know what kind
of a mother a gentlemans mother is like, she really knows more what kind of a conversation
to use on a gentleman’s mother when she meets her. Because a girl like I is really
always on the verge of meeting gentlemen’s mothers. But such an unrefined girl as
Dorothy is really not the kind of a girl that ever meets gentlemens mothers.
</p>
<hr class="tb"/><p>
</p>
<p>So Mr. Spoffard says his mother has to have him take care of her quite a lot. Because
Mr. <span class="sic" title="Correction: Spoffard’s">Spoffards</span> <span class="sic" title="Correction: mother’s">mothers</span> brains have never really been so strong. Because it seems his mother came from such
a very fine old family that even when she was quite a small size child she had to
be sent to a school that was a special school for people of very fine old <span class="sic" title="Correction: families">familys</span> who had to have things very easy on their brain. So she still has to have things
very easy on her brain, so she has a girl who is called her companion who goes with
her everywhere who is called Miss Chapman. Because Mr. Spoffard says that there is
always something new going on in the world which they did not get a chance to tell
her about at the school. So now Miss Chapman keeps telling her instead. Because how
would she know what to think about such a new thing as a radio, for instance, if she
did not have Miss Chapman to tell her what it was, for instance. So Dorothy spoke
up and Dorothy said, “What a responsibility that girl has got on her shoulders. For
instance, what if Miss Chapman told her a radio was something to build a fire in,
and she would get cold some day and stuff it full of papers and light it.” But Mr.
Spoffard told Dorothy that Miss Chapman would never make such a mistake. Because he said that Miss Chapman came from a very very fine old family herself
and she really had a fine brain. So Dorothy said, “If she really has got such a fine
brain I bet her fine old family once had an ice man who could not be trusted.” So
Mr. Spoffard and I did not pay any more attention to Dorothy because Dorothy really
does not know how to hold a conversation.
</p>
<hr class="tb"/><p>
</p>
<p>So then I and Mr. Spoffard held a conversation all about morals and Mr. Spoffard says
he really thinks the future of everything is between the hands of Mr. Blank the district
attorney who is the famous district attorney who is closing up all the places in New
York where they sell all of the liquor. So Mr. Spoffard said that a few months ago,
when Mr. Blank decided he would try to get the job to be the district attorney, he
put 1,000 dollars worth of liquor down his sink. So now Mr. Blank says that everybody
else has got to put it down their sink. So Dorothy spoke up, and Dorothy said, “If
he poured 1,000 dollars worth down his sink to get himself one million dollars worth
of publicity and a good job—when we pour it down our sink, what do we get?” But Mr. Spoffard is <span class="sic" title="Correction: too">to</span> brainy a gentleman to answer any such a foolish question. So he gave Dorothy a look
that was full of dignity and he said he would have to go back to his Mother. So I
was really quite angry at Dorothy. So I followed Mr. Spoffard down the hall of the
railway train and I asked Mr. Spoffard if he thought I was wasting quite a lot of
time reforming a girl like Dorothy. So Mr. Spoffard thinks I am, because he really
thinks a girl like Dorothy will never have any <span class="sic" title="Correction: reverence">reverance</span>. So I told Mr. Spoffard I had wasted so much time on Dorothy it would really break
my heart to be a failure. So then I had tears in my eyes. So Mr. Spoffard is really
very very sympathetic because when he saw that I did not have any handkerchief, he
took his own handkerchief and he dried up all of my tears. So then he said he would
help me with Dorothy quite a lot and get her mind to running on things that are more
educational.
</p>
<p>So then he said he thought that we ought to get off the train at a place called Munich
because it was very full of art, which they call “kunst” in Munich, which is very,
very educational. So he said he and Dorothy and I would get off of the train in Munich
because he could send his mother right on to Vienna with Miss Chapman, because every
place always seems to look alike to his mother anyway. So we are all going to get
off the train at Munich and I can send Mr. Eisman a telegram when nobody is looking.
Because I really do not think I will tell Mr. Spoffard about Mr. Eisman, because,
after all, their religions are different and when two gentlemen have such different
religions they do not seem to have so much to get congeneal about. So I can telegraph
Mr. Eisman that Dorothy and I thought we would get off the train at Munich to look
at all of the art.
</p>
<p>So then I went back to Dorothy and I told Dorothy if she did not have anything to
say in the future to not say it. Because even if Mr. Spoffard is a fine old family
and even if he is very Prespyterian, I and he could really be friendly after all and
talk together quite a lot. I mean Mr. Spoffard likes to talk about himself quite a
lot, so I said to Dorothy it really shows that, after all, he is just like any other
gentleman. But Dorothy said she would demand more proof than that. So Dorothy says she thinks that maybe I might become quite friendly with Mr. Spoffard
and especially with his mother because she thinks his mother and I have quite a lot
that is common, but she says, if I ever bump into Miss Chapman, she thinks I will
come to a kropper because Dorothy saw Miss Chapman when she was at luncheon and Dorothy
says Miss Chapman is the kind of a girl that wears a collar and a tie even when she
is not on horseback. And Dorothy said it was the look that Miss Chapman gave her at
luncheon that really gave her the idea about the ice man. So Dorothy says she thinks
Miss Chapman has got 3 thirds of the brains of that trio of Geegans, because Geegans
is the slang word that Dorothy has thought up to use on people who are society people.
Because Dorothy says she thinks any gentleman with Mr. <span class="sic" title="Correction: Spoffard’s">Spoffards</span> brains had ought to spend his time putting nickels into an electric piano, but I
did not even bother to talk back at such a girl as Dorothy. So now we must get ready
to get off the train when the train gets to Munich so that we can look at all of the
kunst in Munich.
</p>
<p class="dateentry"><i>May 19th</i>:
</p>
<p>Well yesterday Mr. Spoffard and I and Dorothy got off the train at Munich to see all
of the kunst in Munich, but you only call it Munich when you are on the train because
as soon as you get off of the train they seem to call it Munchen. So you really would
know that Munchen was full of kunst because in case you would not know it, they have
painted the word “kunst” in large size black letters on everything in Munchen, and
you can not even see a boot black’s stand in Munchen that is not full of kunst.
</p>
<p>
</p>
<p>So Mr. Spoffard said that we really ought to go to the theater in Munchen because
even the theater in Munchen was full of kunst. So we looked at all of the bills of
all of the theaters, with the aid of quite an <span class="sic" title="Correction: intellectual">intelectual</span> hotel clerk who seemed to be able to read it and tell us what it said, because it
really meant nothing to us. So it seems they were playing Kiki in Munchen, so I said,
let us go and see Kiki because we have seen Lenore Ulric in New York and we would
really know what it is all about even if they do not seem to talk the English <span class="sic" title="Correction: language">landguage</span>. So then we went to the Kunst theater. So it seems that Munchen is practically full of Germans and the lobby of the Kunst theater was
really full of Germans who stand in the lobby and drink beer and eat quite a lot of
Bermudian onions and garlick sausage and hard boiled eggs and beer before all of the
acts. So I really had to ask Mr. Spoffard if he thought we had come to the right theatre
because the lobby seemed to smell such a lot. I mean when the smell of beer gets to
be anteek it gets to smell quite a lot. But Mr. Spoffard seemed to think that the
lobby of the Kunst theatre did not smell any worse than all of the other places in
Munich. So then Dorothy spoke up and Dorothy said “You can say what you want about
the Germans being full of ‘kunst,’ but what they are really full of is delicatessen.”
</p>
<p>So then we went into the Kunst theater. But the Kunst theater does not seem to smell
so good as the lobby of the Kunst theater. And the Kunst theater seems to be decorated
with quite a lot of what tripe would look like if it was pasted on the wall and gilded.
Only you could not really see the gilding because it was covered with quite a lot
of dust. So Dorothy looked around and Dorothy said, if this is “kunst,” the art center of the world is Union Hill New Jersey.
</p>
<p>So then they started in to playing Kiki but it seems that it was not the same kind
of a Kiki that we have in America, because it seemed to be all about a family of large
size German people who seemed to keep getting in each others ways. I mean when a stage
is completely full of 2 or 3 German people who are quite large size, they really cannot
help it if they seem to get in each others ways. So then Dorothy got to talking with
a young gentleman who seemed to be a German gentleman who sat back of her, who she
thought was applauding. But what he was really doing was he was cracking a hard boiled
egg on the back of her chair. So he talked English with quite an accent that seemed
to be quite a German accent. So Dorothy asked him if Kiki had come out on the stage
yet. So he said no, but she was really a beautiful german actress who came clear from
Berlin and he said we should really wait until she came out, even if we did not seem
to understand it. So finally she came out. I mean we knew it was her because Dorothy’s
German gentleman friend nudged Dorothy with a sausage. So we looked at her, and we looked at her and Dorothy said, “If Schuman
Heinke still has a grandmother, we have dug her up in Munchen.” So we did not bother
to see any more of Kiki because Dorothy said she would really have to know more about
the foundations of that building before she would risk our lives to see Kiki do that
famous scene where she faints in the last act. Because Dorothy said, if the foundations
of that building were as anteek as the smell, there was going to be a catasterophy
when Kiki hit the floor. So even Mr. Spoffard was quite discouradged, but he was really
glad because he said he was 100 per cent. of an American and it served the Germans
right for starting such a war against all we Americans.
</p>
<p class="dateentry"><i>May 20th</i>:
</p>
<p>Well today Mr. Spoffard is going to take me all around to all of the museums in Munchen,
which are full of kunst that I really ought to look at, but Dorothy said she had been
punished for all of her sins last night, so now she is going to begin life all over
again by going out with her German gentleman friend, who is going to take her to a
house called the Half Brow house which is the worlds largest size of a Beer Hall. So Dorothy
said I could be a high brow and get full of kunst, but she is <span class="sic" title="Correction: satisfied">satisfide</span> to be a Half brow and get full of beer. But Dorothy will really never be full of
anything else but unrefinement.
</p>
<p class="dateentry"><i>May 21st</i>:
</p>
<p>Well Mr. Spoffard and I and Dorothy are on the train again and we are all going to
Vienna. I mean Mr. Spoffard and I spent one whole day going through all of the museums
in Munchen, but I am really not even going to think about it. Because when something
terrible happens to me, I always try to be a Christian science and I simply do not
even think about it, but I deny that it ever happened even if my feet do seem to hurt
quite a lot. So even Dorothy had quite a hard day in Munchen because her German gentleman
friend, who is called Rudolf, came for her at 11 oclock to take her to breakfast.
But Dorothy told him that she had had her breakfast. But her gentleman friend said
that he had had his first breakfast <span class="sic" title="Correction: too">to</span>, but it was time for his second. So he took Dorothy to the Half Brow house where everybody eats white sausages and pretzels and beer at
11 oclock. So after they had their white sausages and beer he wanted to take her for
a ride but they could only go a few blocks because by then it was time for luncheon.
So they ate quite a lot of luncheon and then he bought her a large size box of chocolates
that were full of liqueurs, and took her to the matinee. So after the first act Rudolf
got hungry and they had to go and stand in the lobby and have some <span class="sic" title="Correction: sandwiches">sandwitches</span> and beer. But Dorothy did not enjoy the show very much and so after the second act
Rudolf said they would leave because it was time for tea anyway. So after quite a
heavy tea, Rudolph asked her to dinner and Dorothy was <span class="sic" title="Correction: too">to</span> overcome to say No. So after dinner they went to a beer garden for beer and pretzels.
But finally Dorothy began to come to, and she asked him to take her back to the hotel.
So Rudolf said he would, but they had better have a bite to eat first. So today Dorothy
really feels just as <span class="sic" title="Correction: discouraged">discouradged</span> as I seem to feel, only Dorothy is not a Christian science and all she can do is
suffer.
</p>
<p>But in spite of all of my Christian science, I am really beginning to feel quite <span class="sic" title="Correction: discouraged">discouradged</span> about Vienna. I mean Mr. Eisman is in Vienna, and I do not see how I can spend quite
a lot of time with Mr. Eisman and quite a lot of time with Mr. Spoffard and keep them
from meeting one another. Because Mr. Spoffard might not seem to understand why Mr.
Eisman seems to spend quite a lot of money to get me educated. And Dorothy keeps trying
to depress me about Miss Chapman because she says she thinks that when Miss Chapman
sees I and Mr. Spoffard together she thinks that Miss Chapman will cable for the <span class="sic" title="Correction: family’s">familys</span> favorite lunacy expert. So I have got to be as full of Christian science as I can
and always hope for the best.
</p>
<p class="dateentry"><i>May 25th</i>:
</p>
<p>So far everything has really worked out for the best. Because Mr. Eisman is very very
busy all day with the button profession, and he tells me to run around with Dorothy
all day. So I and Mr. Spoffard run around all day. So then I tell Mr. Spoffard that
I really do not care to go to all of the places that you go to at night, but I will
go to bed and get ready for tomorrow instead. So then Dorothy and I go to dinner with Mr. Eisman and then we go to a show, and we stay up
quite late at a cabaret called the Chapeau Rouge and I am able to keep it all up with
the aid of champagne. So if we keep our eye out for Mr. Spoffard and do not all bump
into one another when he is out looking at things that we Americans really should
not look at, it will all work out for the best. I mean I have even stopped Mr. Spoffard
looking at museums because I tell him that I like nature better, and when you look
at nature you look at it in a horse and buggy in the park and it is much easier on
the feet. So now he is beginning to talk about how he would like me to meet his mother,
so everything really seems for the best after all.
</p>
<p>But I have quite a hard time with Mr. Eisman at night. I mean at night Mr. Eisman
is in quite a state, because every time he makes an engagement about the button factory,
it is time for all the gentlemen in Vienna to go to the coffee house and sit. Or else
every time he makes an engagement about the button factory, some Viennese gentleman
gets the idea to have a <span class="sic" title="Correction: picnic">picknick</span> and they all put on short pants and bare knees and they all put a feather in their hat, and they all walk to the Tyrol. So it really <span class="sic" title="Correction: discourages">discouradges</span> Mr. Eisman quite a lot. But if anyone ought to get <span class="sic" title="Correction: discouraged">discouradged</span> I think that I ought to get <span class="sic" title="Correction: discouraged">discouradged</span> because after all when a girl has had no sleep for a week a girl can not help it
if she seems to get <span class="sic" title="Correction: discouraged">discouradged</span>.
</p>
<p class="dateentry"><i>May 27th</i>:
</p>
<p>Well <span class="sic" title="Correction: finally">finaly</span> I broke down and Mr. Spoffard said that he thought a little girl like I, who was
trying to reform the whole world was trying to do <span class="sic" title="Correction: too">to</span> much, especially beginning on a girl like Dorothy. So he said there was a famous
doctor in Vienna called Dr. Froyd who could stop all of my worrying because he does
not give a girl medicine but he talks you out of it by psychoanalysis. So yesterday
he took me to Dr. Froyd. So Dr. Froyd and I had quite a long talk in the english <span class="sic" title="Correction: language">landguage</span>. So it seems that everybody seems to have a thing called inhibitions, which is when
you want to do a thing and you do not do it. So then you dream about it instead. So
Dr. Froyd asked me, what I seemed to dream about. So I told him that I never really
dream about anything. I mean I use my brains so much in the day time that at night they do not seem to do anything
else but rest. So Dr. Froyd was very very <span class="sic" title="Correction: surprised">surprized</span> at a girl who did not dream about anything. So then he asked me all about my life.
I mean he is very very sympathetic, and he seems to know how to draw a girl out quite
a lot. I mean I told him things that I really would not even put in my diary. So then
he seemed very very <span class="sic" title="Correction: intrigued">intreeged</span> at a girl who always seemed to do everything she wanted to do. So he asked me if
I really never wanted to do a thing that I did not do. For instance did I ever want
to do a thing that was really <span class="sic" title="Correction: violent">vialent</span>, for instance, did I ever want to shoot someone for instance. So then I said I had,
but the bullet only went in Mr. Jennings lung and came right out again. So then Dr.
Froyd looked at me and looked at me and he said he did not really think it was possible.
So then he called in his assistance and he pointed at me and talked to his assistance
quite a lot in the Viennese <span class="sic" title="Correction: language">landguage</span>. So then his assistance looked at me and looked at me and it really seems as if I
was quite a famous case. So then Dr. Froyd said that all I needed was to cultivate a few inhibitions and get some sleep.
</p>
<p>
</p>
<p class="dateentry"><i>May 29th</i>:
</p>
<p>Things are really getting to be quite a strain. Because yesterday Mr. Spoffard and
Mr. Eisman were both in the lobby of the Bristol hotel and I had to pretend not to
see both of them. I mean it is quite an easy thing to pretend not to see one gentleman,
but it is a quite hard thing to pretend not to see two gentlemen. So something has
really got to happen soon, or I will have to admit that things seem to be happening
that are not for the best.
</p>
<p>So this afternoon Dorothy and I had an engagement to meet Count Salm for tea at four
o’clock, only you do not call it tea at Vienna but you seem to call it “yowzer” and
you do not drink tea at Vienna but you drink coffee instead. I mean it is quite unusual
to see all of the gentlemen at Vienna stop work, to go to yowzer about one hour after
they have all finished their luncheon, but time really does not seem to mean so much
to Viennese gentlemen except time to get to the coffee house, which they all seem
to know by instincts, or else they really do not seem to mind if they make a mistake and get
there <span class="sic" title="Correction: too">to</span> early. Because Mr. Eisman says that when it is time to attend to the button profession,
they really seem to lose all of their interest until Mr. Eisman is getting so nervous
he could scream.
</p>
<p>So we went to Deimels and met Count Salm. But while we were having yowzer with Count
Salm, we saw Mr. Spoffard’s mother come in with her companion<span class="sic" title="Correction: ,"/> Miss Chapman, and Miss Chapman seemed to look at me quite a lot and talk to Mr. Spoffards
mother about me quite a lot. So I became quite nervous, because I really wished that
we were not with Count Salm. I mean it has been quite a hard thing to make Mr. Spoffard
think that I am trying to reform Dorothy, but if I had to try to make him think that
I was trying to reform Count Salm, he might begin to think that there is a limit to
almost everything. So Mr. <span class="sic" title="Correction: Spoffard’s">Spoffards</span> mother seems to be deaf, because she seems to use an ear trumpet and I really could
not help over hearing quite a lot of words that Miss Chapman was using on me, even
if it is not such good <span class="sic" title="Correction: etiquette">etiquet</span> to overhear people. So Miss Chapman seemed to be telling Mr. Spoffards mother that I was a “creature,” and she
seemed to be telling her that I was the real reason why her son seemed to be so full
of nothing but neglect lately. So then Mr. Spoffards mother looked at me and looked
at me, even if it was not such good etiquet to look at a person. And Miss Chapman
kept right on talking to Mr. Spoffards mother and I heard her mention Willie Gwynn
and I think that Miss Chapman has been making some inquiries about me and I really
think that she has heard about the time when all of the family of Willie Gwynn had
quite a long talk with me and persuaded me not to marry Willie Gwynn for $10,000.
So I really wish Mr. Spoffard would introduce me to his mother before she gets to
be full of quite a lot of prejudice. Because one thing seems to be piling up on top
of another thing, until I am almost on the verge of getting nervous and I have not
had any time yet to do what Dr. Froyd said a girl ought to do.
</p>
<p>So tonight I am going to tell Mr. Eisman that I have got to go to bed early, so then
I can take quite a long ride with Mr. Spoffard and look at nature, and he may say
something definite, because nothing makes gentlemen get so definite as looking at nature when
it is moonlight.
</p>
<p class="dateentry"><i>May 30th</i>:
</p>
<p>Well last night Mr. Spoffard and I took quite a long ride in the park, but they do
not call it a park in the Viennese <span class="sic" title="Correction: language">landguage</span> but they call it the Prater. So a prater is really <span class="sic" title="Correction: divine">devine</span> because it is just like Coney Island but at the same time it is in the woods and
it is practically full of trees and it has quite a long road for people to take rides
on in a horse and buggy. So I found out that Miss Chapman had been talking against
me quite a lot. So it seems that she has been making inquiries about me, and I was
really surprised to hear all of the things that Miss Chapman seemed to find out about
me except that she did not find out about Mr. Eisman educating me. So then I had to
tell Mr. Spoffard that I was not always so reformed as I am now, because the world
was full of gentlemen who were nothing but wolfs in sheeps clothes, that did nothing
but take <span class="sic" title="Correction: advantage">advantadge</span> of all we girls. So I really cried quite a lot. So then I told him how I was just
a little girl from Little Rock when I first left Little Rock and by that time even Mr. Spoffard had tears
in his eyes. So I told him how I came from a very very good family because papa was
very <span class="sic" title="Correction: intellectual">intelectual</span>, and he was a very very prominent Elk, and everybody always said that he was a very
<span class="sic" title="Correction: intellectual">intelectual</span> Elk. So I told Mr. Spoffard that when I left Little Rock I thought that all of the
gentlemen did not want to do anything but protect we girls and by the time I found
out that they did not want to protect us so much, it was <span class="sic" title="Correction: too">to</span> late. So then he cried quite a lot. So then I told him how I <span class="sic" title="Correction: finally">finaly</span> got reformed by reading all about him in the newspapers and when I saw him in the
oriental express it really seemed to be nothing but the result of fate. So I told
Mr. Spoffard that I thought a girl was really more reformed if she knew what it was
to be unreformed than if she was born reformed and never really knew that was the
matter with her. So then Mr. Spoffard reached over and he kissed me on the forehead
in a way that was full of <span class="sic" title="Correction: reverence">reverance</span> and he said I seemed to remind him quite a lot of a girl who got quite a write-up
in the bible who was called Magdellen. So then he said that he used to be a member of the choir himself, so who was he to cast the first rock at a girl like I.
</p>
<p>So we rode around in the Prater until it was quite late and it really was <span class="sic" title="Correction: divine">devine</span> because it was moonlight and we talked quite a lot about morals, and all the bands
in the prater were all playing in the <span class="sic" title="Correction: distance">distants</span> “Mama love Papa”. Because “Mama love Papa” has just reached Vienna and they all seem
to be crazy about “Mama love Papa” even if it is not so new in America. So then he
took me home to the hotel.
</p>
<p>So everything always works out for the best, because this morning Mr. Spoffard called
up and told me he wanted me to meet his mother. So I told him I would like to have
luncheon alone with his mother because we could have quite a little tatatate if there
was only two of us. So I told him to bring his mother to our room for luncheon because
I thought that Miss Chapman could not walk into our room and spoil everything.
</p>
<p>
</p>
<p>So he brought his mother down to our sitting room and I put on quite a simple little
organdy gown that I had ripped all of the trimming off of, and I had a pair of black
lace mitts that Dorothy used to wear in the Follies and I had a pair of shoes that did not have any heels on them. So when he
introduced us to each other I dropped her a <span class="sic" title="Correction: curtsey">courtesy</span> because I always think it is quite quaint when a girl drops quite a lot of <span class="sic" title="Correction: curtsies">courtesys</span>. So then he left us alone and we had quite a little talk and I told her that I did
not seem to like all of the flappers that we seem to have nowadays, because I was
brought up to be more old fashioned. So then Mr. <span class="sic" title="Correction: Spoffard’s">Spoffards</span> mother told me that Miss Chapman said that she had heard that I was not so old fashioned.
But I told her that I was so old fashioned that I was always full of respect for all
of my elders and I would not dare to tell them everything they ought to do, like Miss Chapman seems to tell her everything she ought to do, for instants.
</p>
<p>So then I ordered luncheon and I thought some champagne would make her feel quite
good for luncheon so I asked her if she liked champagne. So she really likes champagne
very very much but Miss Chapman thinks it is not so nice for a person to drink liquor.
But I told her that I was a Christian science, and all of we Christian science seem
to believe that there can not really be any harm in anything, so how can there be
any harm in a small size bottle of champagne? So she never seemed to look at it in
that kind of a light before, because she said that Miss Chapman believed in Christian
science also, but what Miss Chapman believed about things that were good for you to
drink seemed to apply more towards water. So then we had luncheon and she began to
feel very very good. So I thought that we had better have another bottle of champagne
because I told her that I was such an ardent Christian science that I did not even
believe there could be any harm in two bottles of champagne. So we had another bottle
of champagne and she became very intreeged about Christian science because she said that she really thought it was a better religion than <span class="sic" title="Correction: Presbyterians">Prespyterians</span>. So she said Miss Chapman used to try to get her to use it on things, but Miss Chapman
never seemed to have such a large size grasp of the Christian science religion as
I seem to have.
</p>
<p>So then I told her that I thought Miss Chapman was jealous of her good looks. So then
she said that that was true, because Miss Chapman would always make her wear hats
that were made out of black horses hair because horses hair does not weigh so much
on a persons brain. So I told her I was going to give her one of my hats that has
got quite large size roses on it. So then I got it out, but we could not get it on
her head because hats are quite small on account of hair being bobbed. So I thought
I would get the <span class="sic" title="Correction: scissors">sissors</span> and bob her head, but then I thought I had done enough to her for one day.
</p>
<p>So Henry’s mother said that I was really the most sunshine that she ever had in all
her life and when Henry came back to take his Mother up to her room, she did not want
to go. But after he got her away he called me up on the telephone and he was <span class="sic" title="Correction: quite">qiute</span> excited and he said he wanted to ask me something that was very very important. So I said I would see him tonight.
</p>
<p>But now I have got to see Mr. Eisman because I have an idea about doing something
that is really very very important that has got to be done at once.
</p>
<p class="dateentry"><i>May 31st</i>:
</p>
<p>Well I and Dorothy and Mr. Eisman are on a train going to a place called Buda Pest.
So I did not see Henry again before I left, but I left him a letter. Because I thought
it would be a quite good thing if what he wanted to ask me he would have to write
down, instead of asking me, and he could not write it to me if I was in the same city
that he is in. So I told him in my letter that I had to leave in five minute’s time
because I found out that Dorothy was just on the verge of getting very unreformed,
and if I did not get her away, all I had done for her would really go for nothing.
So I told him to write down what he had to say to me, and mail it to me at the Ritz
hotel in Buda Pest. Because I always seem to believe in the old <span class="sic" title="Correction: adage">addage</span>, Say it in writing.
</p>
<p>So it was really very easy to get Mr. Eisman to leave Vienna, because yesterday he went out to see the button factory but it seems
that all of the people at the button factory were not at work but they were giving
a birthday party to some saint. So it seems that every time some saint has a birthday
they all stop work so they can give it a birthday party. So Mr. Eisman looked at their
calendar, and found out that some saint or other was born practically every week in
the year. So he has decided that America is good enough for him.
</p>
<p>So Henry will not be able to follow me to Buda Pest because his mother is having treatments
by Dr. Froyd and she seems to be a much more difficult case than I seem to be. I mean
it is quite hard for Dr. Froyd, because she cannot seem to remember which is a dream
and which really happened to her. So she tells him everything, and he has to use his
judgement. I mean when she tells him that a very very handsome young gentleman tried
to flirt with her on Fifth Avenue, he uses his judgement.
</p>
<p>So we will soon be at a Ritz hotel again and I must say it will be delightful to find
a Ritz hotel right in the central of Europe.
</p>
<p class="dateentry"><i>June 1st</i>:
</p>
<p>Well yesterday <span class="sic" title="Correction: Henry’s">Henrys</span> letter came and it says in black and white that he and his mother have never met
such a girl as I and he wants me to marry him. So I took <span class="sic" title="Correction: Henry’s">Henrys</span> letter to the photographers and I had quite a lot of photographs taken of it because
a girl might lose <span class="sic" title="Correction: Henry’s">Henrys</span> letter and she would not have anything left to remember him by. But Dorothy says
to hang on to Henry’s letter, because she really does not think the photographs do
it justice.
</p>
<p>So this afternoon I got a telegram from Henry and the telegram says that Henry’s father
is very, very ill in New York and they have got to leave for New York immediately
and his heart is broken not to see me again and to send him my answer by telegraph
so that his mind will be rested while he is going back to New York. So I sent him
a telegram and I accepted his proposal. So tonight I got another telegram and Henry
says that he and his mother are very very happy and <span class="sic" title="Correction: Henry’s">Henrys</span> mother can hardly bear Miss Chapman any more and Henry says he hopes I will decide
to come right back to New York and keep his mother quite a lot of company, because he thinks I can reform Dorothy more in New York anyway, where there is prohibition
and nobody can get anything to drink.
</p>
<p>So now I have got to make up my mind whether I really want to marry Henry after all.
Because I know to much to get married to any gentleman like Henry without thinking
it all over. Because Henry is the kind of a gentleman who gets on a girls nerves quite
a lot and when a gentleman has nothing else to do but get on a girls nerves, there
really seems to be a limit to almost everything. Because when a gentleman has a business,
he has an office and he has to be there, but when a gentlemans business is only looking
into other peoples business, a gentleman is always on the verge of coming in and out
of the house. And a girl could not really say that her time was her own. And when
Henry was not in and out of the house, his mother would always be in and out of the
house because she seems to think that I am so full of nothing but sunshine. So it
is quite a problem and I seem to be in quite a quarandary, because it might really
be better if Henry should happen to decide that he should not get married, and he
should change his mind, and desert a girl, and then it would only be right if a girl should sue him for a breach of promise.
</p>
<p>But I really think, whatever happens, that Dorothy and I had better get back to New
York. So I will see if Mr. Eisman will send us back. I mean I really do not think
that Mr. Eisman will mind us going back because if he does, I will start shopping
again and that always seems to bring him to terms. But all the time I am going back
to New York, I will have to try to make up my mind one way or another. Because we
girls really can not help it, if we have ideals, and sometimes my mind seems to get
to running on things that are romantic, and I seem to think that maybe there is some
place in the world where there is a gentleman who knows how to look and act like Count
Salm and who has got money besides. And when a <span class="sic" title="Correction: girl’s">girls</span> mind gets to thinking about such a romantic thing, a girls mind really does not seem
to know whether to marry Henry or not.
</p>
</div>
</div>
<div id="ch6" class="div1 chapter"><div class="divHead">
<h2 class="label">CHAPTER SIX</h2>
<h2 class="main">BRAINS ARE REALLY EVERYTHING</h2>
</div>
<div class="divBody">
<p class="first dateentry"><i>June 14th</i>:
</p>
<p>Well, Dorothy and I arrived at New York yesterday because Mr. Eisman finally decided
to send us home because he said that all of his button profession would not stand
the strain of educating me much more in Europe. So we separated from Mr. Eisman in
Buda Pest because Mr. Eisman had to go to Berlin to look up all of his starving relatives
in Berlin, who have done nothing but starve since the War, so he wrote me just before
we sailed and he said that he had dug up all his starving relatives and he had looked
them all over, and decided not to bring them to America because there was not one
of his starving relatives who could travel on a railroad ticket without paying excess
fare for overweight.
</p>
<p>So Dorothy and I took the boat and all the way over on the boat I had to make up my
mind whether I really wanted to marry the famous Henry H. Spoffard, or not, because
he was waiting for me to arrive at New York and he was so impatient that he could
hardly wait for me to arrive at New York. But I have not wasted all of my time on
Henry, even if I do not marry him, because I have some letters from Henry which would
come in very, very handy if I did not marry Henry. So Dorothy seems to agree with
me quite a lot, because Dorothy says the only thing she could stand being to Henry,
would be to be his widow at the age of 18.
</p>
<p>So coming over on the boat I decided not to bother to meet any gentleman, because
what good does it do to meet gentlemen when there is nothing to do on a boat but go
shopping at a little shop where they do not have any thing that costs more than five
dollars. And besides if I did meet any gentleman on the boat, he would want to see
me off the boat, and then we would bump into Henry. But then I heard that there was
a gentleman on the boat who was quite a dealer in unset diamonds from a town called
Amsterdam. So I met the gentleman, and we went around together quite a lot, but we
had quite a quarrel the night before we landed, so I did not even bother to look at
him when I came down the gangplank, and I put the unset diamonds in my handbag so I did not have to declare
them at the customs.
</p>
<p>So Henry was waiting for me at the customs, because he had come up from Pennsylvania
to meet me, because their country estate is at Pennsylvania, and Henry’s father is
very, very ill at Pennsylvania, so Henry has to stay there practically all of the
time. So all of the reporters were at the customs and they all heard about how Henry
and I were engaged to one another and they wanted to know what I was before I became
engaged to Henry, so I told them that I was nothing but a society girl from Little
Rock, Arkansas. So then I became quite angry with Dorothy because one of the reporters
asked Dorothy when I made my debut in society at Little Rock and Dorothy said I made
my debut at the Elks annual street fair and carnival at the age of 15, I mean Dorothy
never overlooks any chance to be unrefined, even when she is talking to literary gentlemen
like reporters.
</p>
<p>So Henry brought me to the apartment in his Rolls Royce, and while we were coming
to the apartment he said he wanted to give me my engagement ring and I really became
all thrills. So he said that he had gone to Cartiers and he had looked over all the
engagement rings in Cartiers and after he had looked them all over he had decided
that they were not half good enough for me. So then he took a box out of his pocket
and I really became <span class="sic" title="Correction: intrigued">intreeged</span>. So then Henry said that when he looked at all of those large size diamonds he really
felt that they did not have any sentiment, so he was going to give me his class ring
from Amherst College <span class="sic" title="Correction: instead">insted</span>. So then I looked at him and looked at him, but I am to full of self <span class="sic" title="Correction: control">controle</span> to say anything at this stage of the game, so I said it was really very sweet of
him to be so full of nothing but sentiment.
</p>
<p>
</p>
<p>So then Henry said that he would have to go back to Pennsylvania to talk to his father
about us getting married, because his father has really got his heart set on us not
getting married. So I told Henry that perhaps if I would meet his father, I would
win him over, because I always seem to win gentlemen over. But Henry says that that
is just the trouble, because some girl is always winning his father over, and they
hardly dare to let him go out of their sight, and they hardly dare let him go to church
alone. Because the last time he went to church alone some girl won him over on the
street corner and he arrived back home with all of his pocket money gone, and they
could not believe him when he said that he had put it in the plate, because he has
not put more than a dime in the plate for the last fifty years.
</p>
<p>So it seems that the real reason why his father does not want Henry to marry me, is
because his father says that Henry always has all of the fun, and every time Henry’s
father wants to have some fun of his own, Henry always stops him and Henry will not
even let him be sick at a hospital where he could have some fun of his own, but he
keeps him at home where he has to have a nurse Henry picked out for him who is a male nurse.
So all of his objections seem to be nothing but the spirit of <span class="sic" title="Correction: reciprocity">resiprosity</span>. But Henry says that all his objections cannot last much longer because he is nearly
90 years of age after all, and Nature must take its course sooner or later.
</p>
<p>So Dorothy says what a fool I am to waste my time on Henry, when I might manage to
meet Henry’s father and the whole thing would be over in a few months and I would
practically own the state of Pennsylvania. But I do not think I ought to take Dorothy’s
<span class="sic" title="Correction: advice">advise</span> because Henry’s father is watched like a hawk and Henry himself is his Power of Attorney,
so no good could really come of it after all. And, after all, why should I listen
to the <span class="sic" title="Correction: advice">advise</span> of a girl like Dorothy who travelled all over Europe and all she came home with was
a bangle!
</p>
<p>So Henry spent the evening at the apartment and then he had to go back to Pennsylvania
to be there Thursday morning, because every Thursday morning he belongs to a society
who do nothing but <span class="sic" title="Correction: censure">senshure</span> all of the photoplays. So they cut out all of the pieces out of all the photoplays that show things that are riskay, that people ought
not to look at. So then they put all of the riskay pieces together and they run them
over and over again. So it would really be quite a hard thing to drag Henry away from
one of his Thursday mornings and he can hardly wait from one Thursday morning to another.
Because he really does not seem to enjoy anything so much as senshuring photoplays
and after a photoplay has once been senshured he seems to lose all of his interest
in it.
</p>
<p>So after Henry left I held quite a conversation with Lulu, who is my maid who looked
out for my apartment while I was away. So Lulu really thinks I ought to marry Mr.
Spoffard after all, because Lulu says that she kept studying Mr. Spoffard all of the
time she was unpacking my trunks, and Lulu says she is sure that any time I feel as
if I had to get away from Mr. Spoffard I could just set him down on the floor, and
give him a packet of riskay french postcards to senshure and stay away as long as
I like.
</p>
<p>So Henry is going to arrange for me to come down to Pennsylvania for a week-end and
meet all of his family. But if all of Henry’s family are as full of reforms as Henry seems to be, it will be quite an ordeal
even for a girl like I.
</p>
<p class="dateentry"><i>June 15th</i>:
</p>
<p>Yesterday morning was quite an ordeal for a refined girl because all of the newspapers
all printed the story of how Henry and I are engaged to one another, but they all
seemed to leave out the part about me being a society girl except one newspaper, and
that was the newspaper that quoted what Dorothy said about me being a debutant at
the Elk’s Carnival. So I called up Dorothy at the Ritz and I told Dorothy that a girl
like she ought to keep her mouth closed in the <span class="sic" title="Correction: presence">presents</span> of reporters.
</p>
<p>So it seems that quite a lot of reporters kept calling Dorothy up but Dorothy said
she really did not say anything to any of them except one reporter asked her what
I used for money and she told him buttons. But Dorothy really should not have said
such a thing, because quite a few people seem to know that Mr. Eisman is educating
me and that he is known all over Chicago as Gus Eisman the Button King, so one thing
might suggest another until people’s minds might begin to think something.
</p>
<p>But Dorothy said that she did not say anything more about me being a debutant at Little
Rock, because after all Dorothy knows that I really did not make any debut in Little
Rock, because just when it was time to make my debut, my gentleman friend Mr. Jennings
became shot, and after the trial was over and all of the Jury had let me off, I was
really much <span class="sic" title="Correction: too">to</span> fatigued to make any debut.
</p>
<p>So then Dorothy said, why don’t we throw a party now and you can become a debutant
now and put them all in their place, because it seems that Dorothy is dying for a
party. So that is really the first sensible suggestion that Dorothy has made yet,
because I think that every girl who is engaged to a gentleman who has a fine old family
like Henry, had really ought to be a debutant. So I told her to come right over and
we would plan my debut but we would keep it very, very quiet and give it tomorrow
night, because if Henry heard I was making my debut he would come up from Pennsylvania
and he would practically spoil the party, because all Henry has to do to spoil a party
is to arrive at it.
</p>
<p>So Dorothy came over and we planned my debut. So first we decided to have some engraved
invitations engraved, but it always takes quite a little time to have invitations
engraved, and it would really be foolish because all of the gentlemen we were going
to invite to my debut were all members of the Racquet Club, so I could just write
out a notice that I was having a debut and give it to Willie Gwynn and have Willie
Gwynn post it on the Racquet Club board.
</p>
<p>So Willie Gwynn posted it on the club board and then he called me up and he told me
that he had never seen so much enthusiasm since the Dempsey-Firpo fight, and he said
that the whole Racquet Club would be there in a body. So then we had to plan about
what girls we would ask to my debut. Because I have not seemed to meet so many society
women yet because of course a girl does not meet society women until her debut is
all over, and then all the society women all come and call on a debutant. But I know
practically all of the society men, because practically all of the society men belong
to the Racquet club, so after I have the Racquet Club at my debut, all I have to do
to take my real place in society is to meet their mothers and sisters, because I know practically
all of their sweethearts now.
</p>
<p>But I always seem to think that it is delightful to have quite a lot of girls at a
party, if a girl has quite a lot of gentlemen at a party, and it is quite delightful
to have all the girls from the Follies, but I really could not invite them because,
after all, they are not in my set. So then I thought it all over and I thought that
even if it was not etiquette to invite them to a party, it really would be etiquette
to hire them to come to a party and be entertainers, and after they were entertainers
they could mix in to the party and it really would not be a social error.
</p>
<p>So then the telephone rang and Dorothy answered it and it seems that it was Joe Sanguinetti,
who is almost the official bootlegger for the whole Racquet Club, and Joe said he
had heard about my debut and if he could come to my debut and bring his club which
is the Silver Spray Social Club of Brooklyn, he would supply all of the liquor and
he would guarantee to practically run the rum fleet up to the front door.
</p>
<p>So Dorothy told him he could come, and she hung up the telephone before she told me
his proposition, and I became quite angry with Dorothy because, after all, the Silver
Spray Social Club is not even mentioned in the Social Register and it has no place
at a girl’s debut. But Dorothy said by the time the party got into swing, anyone would
have to be a genius if he could tell whether he belonged to the Racquet Club, the
Silver Spray Social Club, or the Knights of Pythias. But I really was almost sorry
that I asked Dorothy to help plan my debut, except that Dorothy is very good to have
at a party if the police come in, because Dorothy always knows how to manage the police,
and I never knew a policeman yet who did not finish up by being madly in love with
Dorothy. So then Dorothy called up all of the reporters on all of the newspapers and
invited them all to my debut, so they could see it with their own eyes.
</p>
<p>So Dorothy says that she is going to see to it that my debut lands on the front page
of all of the newspapers, if we have to commit a murder to do it.
</p>
<p class="dateentry"><i>June 19th</i>:
</p>
<p>Well, it has been three days since my debut party started but I finally got tired
and left the party last night and went to bed because I always seem to lose all of
my interest in a party after a few days, but Dorothy never loses her interest in a
party and when I woke up this morning Dorothy was just saying goodbye to some of the
guests. I mean Dorothy seems to have quite a lot of vitality, because the last guests
of the party were guests we picked up when the party went to take a swim at Long Beach
the day before yesterday, and they were practically fresh, but Dorothy had gone clear
through the party from beginning to end without even stopping to go to a Turkish bath
as most of the gentlemen had to do. So my debut has really been very novel, because
quite a lot of the guests who finished up at my debut were not the same guests that
started out at it, and it is really quite novel for a girl to have so many different
kinds of gentlemen at her debut. So it has really been a very great success because
all of the newspapers have quite a lot of write-ups about my debut and I really felt
quite proud when I saw the front page of the <i>Daily Views</i> and it said in large size headlines, “LORELEI’S DEBUT A WOW!” And <i>Zits’ Weekly</i> came right out and said that if this party marks my entrance into society, they only
hope that they can live to see what I will spring once I have overcome my debutant
reserve and taken my place in the world.
</p>
<p>So I really had to apologise to Dorothy about asking Joe Sanguinetti to my debut because
it was wonderful the way he got all of the liquor to the party and he more than kept
his word. I mean he had his bootleggers run up from the wharf in taxis, right to the
apartment, and the only trouble he had was, that once the bootleggers delivered the
liquor, he could not get them to leave the party. So finally there was quite a little
quarrel because Willie Gwynn claimed that Joe’s bootleggers were snubbing the members
of his club because they would not let the boys from the Racquet club sing in their
quartet. But Joe’s bootleggers said that the Racquet club boys wanted to sing songs
that were unrefined, while they wanted to sing songs about Mother. So then everybody
started to take sides, but the girls from the Follies were all with Joe’s bootleggers from the start because practically all we girls were listening
to them with tears <span class="sic" title="Correction: streaming">steaming</span> from our eyes. So that made the Racquet club jealous and one thing led to another
until somebody rang for an ambulants and then the police came in.
</p>
<p>So Dorothy, as usual, won over all of the police. So it seems that the police all
have orders from Judge Schultzmeyer, who is the famous judge who tries all of the
prohibition cases, that any time they break into a party that looks like it was going
to be a good party, to call him up no matter what time of the day or night it is,
because Judge Schultzmeyer dearly loves a party. So the Police called up Judge Schultzmeyer
and he was down in less than no time. So during the party both Joe Sanguinetti and
Judge Schultzmeyer fell madly in love with Dorothy. So Joe and the Judge had quite
a little quarrel and the Judge told Joe that if his stuff was fit to drink he would
set the Law after him and confiscate it, but his stuff was not worth the while of
any gentleman to confiscate who had any respect for his stomach, and he would not
lower himself to confiscate it. So along about nine o’clock in the morning Judge Schultzmeyer had to leave the party and go to court to try all
of the criminals who break all of the laws, so he had to leave Dorothy and Joe together
and he was very very angry. And I really felt quite sorry for any person who went
up before Judge Schultzmeyer that morning, because he gave everybody 90 days and was
back at the party by twelve o’clock. So then he stuck to the party until we were all
going down to Long Beach to take a swim day before yesterday when he seemed to become
unconscious, so we dropped him off at a sanitorium in Garden City.
</p>
<p>
</p>
<p>So my debut party was really the greatest success of the social season, because the
second night of my debut party was the night when Willie Gwynn’s sister was having a dance at the Gwynn estate on Long Island,
and Willie Gwynn said that all of the eligible gentlemen in New York were conspicuous
by their <span class="sic" title="Correction: absence">absents</span> at his sister’s party, because they were all at my party. So it seems as if I am
really going to be quite a famous hostess if I can just bring my mind to the point
of being Mrs. Henry Spoffard Jr.
</p>
<p>Well Henry called up this morning and Henry said he had finally got his father’s mind
so that he thought it was safe for me to meet him and he was coming up to get me this
afternoon so that I can meet his family and see his famous old historical home at
Pennsylvania. So then he asked about my debut party which some of the Philadelphia
papers seemed to mention. But I told him that my debut was really not so much planned,
as it was spontaneous, and I did not have the heart to call him up at a moments notice
and take him away from his father at such a time for reasons which were nothing but
social.
</p>
<p>So now I am getting ready to visit Henry’s family and I feel as if my whole future
depends on it. Because if I can not stand Henry’s family any more than I can stand Henry the whole thing will probly come to
an end in the law court.
</p>
<p class="dateentry"><i>June 21st</i>:
</p>
<p>Well, I am now spending the weekend with Henry’s family at his old family mansion
outside of Philadelphia, and I am beginning to think, after all, that there is something
else in the world besides family. And I am beginning to think that family life is
only fit for those who can stand it. For instants, they always seem to get up very
early in Henry’s family. I mean it really is not so bad to get up early when there
is something to get up early about, but when a girl gets up early and there is nothing
to get up early about, it really begins to seem as if there was no sense to it.
</p>
<p>So yesterday we all got up early and that was when I met all of Henry’s family, because
Henry and I motored down to Pennsylvania and everybody was in bed when we arrived
because it was after nine o’clock. So in the morning Henry’s mother came to my room
to get me up in time for breakfast because Henry’s mother is very very fond of me, and she always wants to copy all of my gowns and she always loves to look through
all of my things to see what I have got. So she found a box of liqueur candies that
are full of liqueurs and she was really very delighted. So I finally got dressed and
she threw the empty box away and I helped her down stairs to the Dining room.
</p>
<p>So Henry was waiting in the dining room with his sister and that was when I met his
sister. So it seems that Henry’s sister has never been the same since the war, because
she never had on a man’s collar and a necktie until she drove an <span class="sic" title="Correction: ambulance">ambulants</span> in the war, and now they cannot get her to take them off. Because ever since the
armistice Henry’s sister seems to have the idea that regular <span class="sic" title="Correction: womens’">womens</span> clothes are <span class="sic" title="Correction: effeminate">effiminate</span>. So Henry’s sister seems to think of nothing but either horses or automobiles and
when she is not in a garage the only other place she is happy in is a stable. I mean
she really pays very little attention to all of her family and she seems to pay less
attention to Henry than anybody else because she seems to have the idea that Henry’s
brains are not so <span class="sic" title="Correction: virile">viril</span>. So then we all waited for Henry’s father to come in so that he could read the Bible out loud before breakfast.
</p>
<p>So then something happened that really was a miracle. Because it seems that Henry’s
father has practically lived in a wheel chair for months and months and his male nurse
has to wheel him everywhere. So his male nurse wheeled him into the dining room in
his wheel chair and then Henry said “Father, this is going to be your little daughter
in law,” and Henry’s father took one good look at me and got right out of his wheel
chair and walked! So then everybody was very very surprised, but Henry was not so
surprised because Henry knows his father like a book. So then they all tried to calm
his father down, and his father tried to read out of the Bible but he could hardly
keep his mind on the Bible and he could hardly eat a bite because when a gentleman
is as feeble as Henry’s father is, he cannot keep one eye on a girl and the other
eye on his cereal and cream without coming to grief. So Henry finally became quite
discouradged and he told his father he would have to get back to his room or he would
have a relapse. So then the male nurse wheeled him back to his room and it really was pathetic because he cried like a baby. So I got to thinking over
what Dorothy advised me about Henry’s father and I really got to thinking that if
Henry’s father could only get away from everybody and have some time of his own, Dorothy’s
<span class="sic" title="Correction: advice">advise</span> might not be so bad after all.
</p>
<p>
</p>
<p>So after breakfast we all got ready to go to church, but Henry’s sister does not go
to church because Henry’s sister always likes to spend every Sunday in the garage
taking their Ford farm truck apart and putting it back together again, and Henry says
that what the war did to a girl like his sister is really worse than the war itself.
</p>
<p>So then Henry and his mother and I all went to church. So we came home from church and we had luncheon and it seems that luncheon is practically the same as breakfast
except that Henry’s father could not come down to luncheon because after he met me
he contracted such a vialent fever that they had to send for the Doctor.
</p>
<p>So in the afternoon Henry went to prayer meeting and I was left alone with Henry’s
mother so that we could rest up so that we could go to church again after supper.
So Henry’s mother thinks I am nothing but sunshine and she will hardly let me get
out of her sight, because she hates to be by herself because, when she is by herself,
her brains hardly seem to work at all. So she loves to try on all of my hats and she
loves to tell me how all the boys in the choir can hardly keep their eyes off her.
So of course a girl has to agree with her, and it is quite difficult to agree with
a person when you have to do it through an ear trumpet because sooner or later your
voice has to give out.
</p>
<p>So then supper turned out to be practically the same thing as luncheon only by supper
time all of the novelty seemed to wear off. So then I told Henry that I had to much
of a headache to go to church again, so Henry and his mother went to church and I went to my room and I sat down and thought and
I decided that life was really <span class="sic" title="Correction: too">to</span> short to spend it in being proud of your family, even if they did have a great deal
of money. So the best thing for me to do is to think up some scheme to make Henry
decide not to marry me and take what I can get out of it and be satisfied.
</p>
<p class="dateentry"><i>June 22nd</i>:
</p>
<p>Well, yesterday I made Henry put me on the train at Philadelphia and I made him stay
at Philadelphia so he could be near his father if his father seemed to take any more
relapses. So I sat in my drawing room on the train and I decided that the time had
come to get rid of Henry at any cost. So I decided that the thing that <span class="sic" title="Correction: discourages">discouradges</span> gentlemen more than anything else is shopping. Because even Mr. Eisman, who was practically
born for we girls to shop on, and who knows just what to expect, often gets quite
<span class="sic" title="Correction: discouraged">discouradged</span> over all of my shopping. So I decided I would get to New York and I would go to Cartiers
and run up quite a large size bill on Henry’s credit, because after all our engagement has been announced in all of the newspapers, and Henry’s credit is
really my credit.
</p>
<p>So while I was thinking it all over there was a knock on the drawing room door, so
I told him to come in and it was a gentleman who said he had seen me quite a lot in
New York and he had always wanted to have an introduction to me, because we had quite
a lot of friends who were common. So then he gave me his card and his name was on
his card and it was Mr. Gilbertson Montrose and his profession is a senario writer.
So then I asked him to sit down and we held a literary conversation.
</p>
<p>So I really feel as if yesterday was a turning point in my life, because at last I
have met a gentleman who is not only an artist but who has got brains besides. I mean
he is the kind of a gentleman that a girl could sit at his feet and listen to for
days and days and nearly always learn something or other. Because, after all, there
is nothing that gives a girl more of a thrill than brains in a gentleman, especially
after a girl has been spending the week end with Henry. So Mr. Montrose talked and
talked all of the way to New York and I sat there and did nothing else but listen. So according to Mr. Montrose’s
opinion <span class="sic" title="Correction: Shakespeare">Shakespear</span> is a very great <span class="sic" title="Correction: playwright">playwrite</span>, and he thinks that Hamlet is quite a famous tragedy and as far as novels are concerned
he believes that nearly everybody had ought to read Dickens. And when we got on the
subject of poetry he recited “The Shooting of Dan McGrew” until you could almost hear
the gun go off.
</p>
<p>
</p>
<p>And then I asked Mr. Montrose to tell me all about himself. So it seems that Mr. Montrose
was on his way home from Washington D. C., where he went to see the Bulgarian Ambassadore
to see if he could get Bulgaria to finance a senario he has written which is a great historical subject which is founded on the sex life of Dolly Madison. So it
seems that Mr. Montrose has met quite a lot of Bulgarians in a Bulgarian restaurant
on Lexington Avenue and that was what gave him the idea to get the money from Bulgaria.
Because Mr. Montrose said that he could fill his senario full of Bulgarian propoganda,
and he told the Bulgarian Ambassadore that every time he realised how ignorant all
of the American film fans were on the subject of Bulgaria, it made him flinch.
</p>
<p>So I told Mr. Montrose that it made me feel very very small to talk to a gentleman
like he, who knew so much about Bulgaria, because practically all I knew about Bulgaria
was Zoolack. So Mr. Montrose said that the Bulgarian Ambassadore did not seem to think
that Dolly Madison had so much about her that was pertinent to present day Bulgaria,
but Mr. Montrose explained to him that that was because he knew practically nothing
about dramatic construction. Because Mr. Montrose said he could fix his senario so
that Dolly Madison would have one lover who was a Bulgarian, who wanted to marry her.
So then Dolly Madison would get to wondering what her great, great grandchildren would be like if she married a Bulgarian, and
then she could sit down and have a vision of Bulgaria in 1925. So that was when Mr.
Montrose would take a trip to Bulgaria to photograph the vision. But the Bulgarian
Ambassadore turned down the whole proposition, but he gave Mr. Montrose quite a large
size bottle of the Bulgarian national drink. So the Bulgarian national drink looks
like nothing so much as water, and it really does not taste so strong, but about five
minutes afterwards you begin to <span class="sic" title="Correction: realize">realise</span> your mistake. But I thought to myself that if realizing my mistake could make me
forget what I went through in Pennsylvania, I really owed it to myself to forget everything.
So then we had another drink.
</p>
<p>So then Mr. Montrose told me that he had quite a hard time getting along in the motion
picture profession, because all of his <span class="sic" title="Correction: scenarios">senarios</span> are all over their head. Because when Mr. Montrose writes about sex, it is full of
<span class="sic" title="Correction: psychology">sychology</span>, but when everybody else writes about it, it is full of nothing but transparent <span class="sic" title="Correction: negligees">negligays</span> and ornamental bath tubs. And Mr. Montrose says that there is no future in the motion pictures until the motion pictures get their sex motives straightened out,
and realize that a woman of 25 can have just as many sex problems as a flapper of
16. Because Mr. Montrose likes to write about women of the world, and he refuses to
have women of the world played by small size girls of 15 who know nothing about life
and who have not even been in the detention home.
</p>
<p>So we both arrived in New York before we realized it, and I got to thinking how the
same trip with Henry in his Rolls Royce seemed like about 24 hours, and that was what
gave me the idea that money was not everything, because after all, it is only brains
that count. So Mr. Montrose took me home and we are going to have luncheon together
at the Primrose Tea room practically every day and keep right on holding literary
conversations.
</p>
<p>So then I had to figure out how to get rid of Henry and at the same time not do anything
that would make me any trouble later. So I sent for Dorothy because Dorothy is not
so good at intreeging a gentleman with money, but she ought to be full of ideas on
how to get rid of one.
</p>
<p>So at first Dorothy said, Why didn’t I take a chance and marry Henry because she had
an idea that if Henry married me he would commit suicide about two weeks later. But
I told her about my plan to do quite a lot of shopping, and I told her that I would
send for Henry and I would manage it so that I would not be in the apartment when
he came, but she could be there and start a conversation with him and she could tell
him about all of my shopping and how extravagant I seemed to be and he would be in
the poor house in less than a year if he married me.
</p>
<p>So Dorothy said for me to take one farewell look at Henry and leave him to her, because
the next time I saw him would be in the witness box and I might not even recognize
him because she would throw a scare into him that might change his whole physical
appearance. So I decided to leave him in the hands of Dorothy and hope for the best.
</p>
<p class="dateentry"><i>July 10th</i>:
</p>
<p>Well, last month was really almost a diary in itself, and I have to begin to realize
that I am one of the kind of girls that things happen to. And I have to admit, after all, that life is really wonderful. Because so much
has happened in the last few weeks that it almost makes a girl’s brains whirl.
</p>
<p>I mean in the first place I went shopping at Cartiers and bought quite a delightful
square cut emerald and quite a long rope of pearls on Henry’s credit. So then I called
up Henry on the long distants telephone and told him that I wanted to see him quite
a lot, so he was very very pleased and he said that he would come right up to New
York.
</p>
<p>So then I told Dorothy to come to the apartment and be there when Henry came, and
to show Henry what I bought on his credit, and to tell him how extravagant I seem
to be, and how I seem to keep on getting worse. So I told Dorothy to go as far as
she liked, so long as she did not insinuate anything against my character, because
the more spotless my character seems to be, the better things might turn out later.
So Henry was due at the apartment about 1.20, so I had Lulu get some luncheon for
he and Dorothy and I told Dorothy to tell him that I had gone out to look at the Russian Crown Jewels that some Russian Grand Duchess or
other had for sale at the Ritz.
</p>
<p>So then I went to the Primrose Tea Room to have luncheon with Mr. Montrose because
Mr. Montrose loves to tell me of all his plans, and he says that I seem to remind
him quite a lot of a girl called Madame Recamier who all the <span class="sic" title="Correction: intellectual">intelectual</span> gentlemen used to tell all of their plans to, even when there was a French revolution
going on all around them.
</p>
<p>So Mr. Montrose and I had a delicious luncheon, except that I never seem to notice
what I am eating when I am with Mr. Montrose because when Mr. Montrose talks a girl
wants to do nothing but listen. But all of the time I was listening, I was thinking
about Dorothy and I was worrying for fear Dorothy would go <span class="sic" title="Correction: too">to</span> far, and tell Henry something that would not be so good for me afterwards. So finally
even Mr. Montrose seemed to notice it, and he said “What’s the matter little woman,
a penny for your thoughts.”
</p>
<p>So then I told him everything. So he seemed to think quite a lot and finally he said
to me “It is really to bad that you feel as if the social life of Mr. Spoffard bored you, because Mr. Spoffard would be ideal
to finance my senario.” So then Mr. Montrose said that he had been thinking from the
very first how ideal I would be to play Dolly Madison. So that started me thinking
and I told Mr. Montrose that I expected to have quite a large size ammount of money
later on, and I would finance it myself. But Mr. Montrose said that would be to late,
because all of the motion picture corporations were after it now, and it would be
snaped up almost immediately.
</p>
<p>So then I became almost in a panick, because I suddenly decided that if I married
Henry and worked in the motion pictures at the same time, society life with Henry
would not really be so bad. Because if a girl was so busy as all that, it really would
not seem to matter so much if she had to stand Henry when she was not busy. But then
I realized what Dorothy was up to, and I told Mr. Montrose that I was almost afraid
it was to late. So I hurried to the telephone and I called up Dorothy at the apartment
and I asked her what she had said to Henry. So Dorothy said that she showed him the
square cut emerald and told him that I bought it as a knick-knack to go with a green dress,
but I had got a spot on the dress, so I was going to give them both to Lulu. So she
said she showed him the pearls and she said that after I had bought them, I was sorry
I did not get pink ones because white ones were so common, so I was going to have
Lulu unstring them and sew them on a negligay. So then she told him she was rather
sorry I meant to buy the Russian Crown jewels because she had a feeling they were
unlucky, but that I had said to her, that if I found out they were, I could toss them
over my left shoulder into the Hudson river some night when there was a new moon,
and it would take away the curse.
</p>
<p>So then she said that Henry began to get restless. So then she told him she was very
glad I was going to get married at last because I had had such bad luck, that every
time I became engaged something seemed to happen to my fiance. So Henry asked her
what, for instance. So Dorothy said a couple were in the insane asylum, one had shot
himself for debt, and the county farm was taking care of the remainder. So Henry asked her how they got that way. So Dorothy told him it was nothing but my <span class="sic" title="Correction: extravagance">extravagants</span>, and she told him that she was surprised that he had never heard about it, because
all I had to do was to take luncheon at the Ritz with some prominent broker and the
next day the bottom would drop out of the market. And she told him that she did not
want to insinuate anything, but that I had dined with a very, very prominent German
the day before German marks started to <span class="sic" title="Correction: collapse">colapse</span>.
</p>
<p>So I became almost frantic and I told Dorothy to hold Henry at the apartment until
I could get up there and explain. So I held the telephone while Dorothy went to see
if Henry would wait. So Dorothy came back in a minute and she said that the parlor
was empty, but that if I would hurry down to Broadway no doubt I would see a cloud
of dust heading towards the Pennsylvania station, and that would be Henry.
</p>
<p>So then I went back to Mr. Montrose, and I told him that I must catch Henry at the
Pennsylvania Station at any cost. And if anyone were to say that we left the Primrose
tea room in a hurry, they would be putting it quite mildly. So we got to the Pennsylvania station and I just had time to get on
board the train to Philadelphia and I left Mr. Montrose standing at the train biting
his finger nails in all of his anxiety. But I called out to him to go to his Hotel
and I would telephone the result as soon as the train arrived.
</p>
<p>So then I went through the train, and there was Henry with a look on his face which
I shall never forget. So when he saw me he really seemed to shrink to ½ his natural
size. So I sat down beside him and I told him that I was really ashamed of how he
acted, and if his love for me could not stand a little test that I and Dorothy had
thought up, more in the spirit of fun than anything else, I never wanted to speak
to such a gentleman again. And I told him that if he could not tell the difference
between a real square cut emerald and one from the ten cent store, that he had ought
to be ashamed of himself. And I told him that if he thought that every string of white
beads were pearls, it was no wonder he could make such a mistake in judging the character
of a girl. So then I began to cry because of all of Henry’s lack of faith. So then he tried to cheer me up but I was <span class="sic" title="Correction: too">to</span> hurt to even give him a decent word until we were past Newark. But by the time we
were past Newark, Henry was crying himself, and it always makes me feel so tender
hearted to listen to a gentleman cry that I finally forgave him. So, of course, as
soon as I got home I had to take them back to Cartiers.
</p>
<p>So then I explained to Henry how I wanted our life to mean something and I wanted
to make the World a better place than it seemed to have been yet. And I told him that
he knew so much about the film profession on account of <span class="sic" title="Correction: censuring">senshuring</span> all of the films that I thought he had ought to go into the film profession. Because
I told him that a gentleman like he really owed it to the world to make pure films
so that he could be an example to all of the other film corporations and show the
world what pure films were like. So Henry became very, very <span class="sic" title="Correction: intrigued">intreeged</span> because he had never thought of the film profession before. So then I told him that
we could get H. Gilbertson Montrose to write the <span class="sic" title="Correction: scenarios">senarios</span>, and he to <span class="sic" title="Correction: censor">senshure</span> them, and I could act in them and by the time we all got through, they would be a work of art. But they would even be purer than most works of art seem to be.
So by the time we got to Philadelphia Henry said that he would do it, but he really
did not think I had ought to act in them. But I told him from what I had seen of society
women trying to break into the films, I did not believe that it would be so declasée
if one of them really landed. So I even talked him into that.
</p>
<p>So when we got to Henry’s country estate, we told all of Henry’s family and they were
all delighted. Because it is the first time since the war that Henry’s family have
had anything definite to put their minds on. I mean Henry’s sister really jumped at
the idea because she said she would take charge of the studio trucks and keep them
at a bed-rock figure. So I even promised Henry’s mother that she could act in the
films. I mean I even believe that we could put in a close-up of her from time to time,
because after all, nearly every photoplay has to have some comedy relief. And I promised
Henry’s father that we would wheel him through the studio and let him look at all
of the actresses and he nearly had another relapse. So then I called up Mr. Montrose and made an appointment
with him to meet Henry and talk it all over, and Mr. Montrose, said, “Bless you, little
woman.”
</p>
<p>So I am almost beginning to believe it, when everybody says I am nothing but sunshine
because everybody I come into contract with always seems to become happy. I mean with
the exception of Mr. Eisman. Because when I got back to New York, I opened all of
his cablegrams and I realized that he was due to arrive on the <i>Aquitania</i> the very next day. So I met him at the <i>Aquitania</i> and I took him to luncheon at the Ritz and I told him all about everything. So then
he became very, very depressed because he said that just as soon as he had got me
all educated, I had to go off and get married. But I told him that he really ought
to be very proud of me, because in the future, when he would see me at luncheon at
the Ritz as the wife of the famous Henry H. Spoffard, I would always bow to him, if
I saw him, and he could point me out to all of his friends and tell them that it was
he, Gus Eisman himself, who educated me up to my station. So that cheered Mr. Eisman up a lot and I really do not care what
he says to his friends, because, after all, his friends are not in my set, and whatever
he says to them will not get around in my circle. So after our luncheon was all over,
I really think that, even if Mr. Eisman was not so happy, he could not help having
a sort of a feeling of relief, especially when he thinks of all my shopping.
</p>
<p>So after that came my wedding and all of the Society people in New York and Philadelphia
came to my wedding and they were all so sweet to me, because practically every one
of them has written a <span class="sic" title="Correction: scenario">senario</span>. And everybody says my wedding was very, very beautiful. I mean even Dorothy said
it was very beautiful, only Dorothy said she had to concentrate her mind on the massacre
of the Armenians to keep herself from laughing right out loud in everybody’s face.
But that only shows that not even Matrimony is sacred to a girl like Dorothy. And
after the wedding was over, I overheard Dorothy talking to Mr. Montrose and she was
telling Mr. Montrose that she thought that I would be great in the movies if he would write me a part that only had three expressions, Joy,
Sorrow, and Indigestion. So I do not really believe that Dorothy is such a true friend
after all.
</p>
<p>So Henry and I did not go on any honeymoon because I told Henry that it really would
be selfish for us to go off alone together, when all of our activities seemed to need
us so much. Because, after all, I have to spend quite a lot of time with Mr. Montrose
going over the senario together because, Mr. Montrose says I am full of nothing so
much as ideas.
</p>
<p>So, in order to give Henry something to do while Mr. Montrose and I are working on
the senario I got Henry to organize a Welfare League among all of the extra girls
and get them to tell him all of their problems so he can give them all of his spiritual
aid. And it has really been a very, very great success, because there is not much
work going on at the other studios at present so all of the extra girls have nothing
better to do and they all know that Henry will not give them a job at our studio unless
they belong. So the worse they tell Henry they have been before they met him, the better he likes
it and Dorothy says that she was at the studio yesterday and she says that if the
senarios those extra girls have written around themselves to tell Henry could only
be screened and gotten past the sensors, the movies would move right up out of their
infancy.
</p>
<p>So Henry says that I have opened up a whole new world for him and he has never been
so happy in his life. And it really seems as if everyone I know has never been so
happy in their lives. Because I make Henry let his father come to the studio every
day because, after all, every studio has to have somebody who seems to be a pest,
and in our case it might just as well be Henry’s father. So I have given orders to
all of the electricians not to drop any lights on him, but to let him have a good
time because, after all, it is the first one he has had. And as far as Henry’s mother
is concerned, she is having her hair bobbed and her face lifted and getting ready
to play Carmen because she saw a girl called Madam Calve play it when she was on her
honeymoon and she has always really felt that she could do it better. So I do not <span class="sic" title="Correction: discourage">discouradge</span> her, but I let her go ahead and enjoy herself. But I am not going to bother to speak
to the electricians about Henry’s mother. And Henry’s sister has never been so happy
since the Battle of Verdun, because she has six trucks and 15 horses to look after
and she says that the motion picture profession is the nearest thing to war that she
has struck since the Armistice. And even Dorothy is very happy because Dorothy says
that she has had more laughs this month than Eddie Cantor gets in a year. But when
it comes to Mr. Montrose, I really believe that he is happier than anybody else, because
of all of the understanding and sympathy he seems to get out of me.
</p>
<p>And so I am very happy myself because, after all, the greatest thing in life is to
always be making everybody else happy. And so, while everybody is so happy, I really
think it is a good time to finish my diary because after all, I am <span class="sic" title="Correction: too">to</span> busy going over my senarios with Mr. Montrose, to keep up any other kind of literary
work. And I am so busy bringing sunshine into the life of Henry that I really think, with everything else I seem to acomplish, it is all a girl had
ought to try to do. And so I really think that I can say good-bye to my diary feeling
that, after all, everything always turns out for the best.
</p>
<p class="trailer xd31e1957">THE END</p>
