<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-US">
	<head>
		<title>V: The Central of Europe</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:fiction">
		<section id="chapter-5" epub:type="chapter">
			<hgroup>
				<h2 epub:type="ordinal z3998:roman">V</h2>
				<p epub:type="title">The Central of Europe</p>
			</hgroup>
			<div epub:type="z3998:diary-entry">
				<header>
					<p epub:type="se:diary.dateline">May 16th:</p>
				</header>
				<p>I really have not written in my diary for quite a long time, because <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Eisman arrived in Paris and when <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Eisman is in Paris we really do not seem to do practically anything else but the same thing.</p>
				<p>I mean we go shopping and we go to a show and we go to Momart and when a girl is always going with <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Eisman nothing practically happens. And I did not even bother to learn any more French because I always seem to think it is better to leave French to those that can not do anything else but talk French. So finally <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Eisman seemed to lose quite a lot of interest in all of my shopping. So he heard about a button factory that was for sale quite cheaply in Vienna and as <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Eisman is in the button profession, he thought it would be a quite good thing to have a button factory in Vienna so he went to Vienna and he said he did not care if he did not ever see the rue de la Paix again. So he said if he thought Vienna would be good for a girl’s brains, he would send for Dorothy and I and we could meet him at Vienna and learn something. Because <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Eisman really wants me to get educated more than anything else, especially shopping.</p>
				<p>So now we have a telegram, and <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Eisman says in the telegram for Dorothy and I to take an oriental express because we really ought to see the central of Europe because we American girls have quite a lot to learn in the central of Europe. So Dorothy says if <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Eisman wants us to see the central of Europe she bets there is not a rue de la Paix in the whole central of Europe.</p>
				<p>So Dorothy and I are going to take an oriental express tomorrow and I really think it is quite unusual for two American girls like I and Dorothy to take an oriental express all alone, because it seems that in the Central of Europe they talk some other kinds of landguages which we do not understand besides French. But I always think that there is nearly always some gentleman who will protect two American girls like I and Dorothy who are all alone and who are traveling in the Central of Europe to get educated.</p>
			</div>
			<div epub:type="z3998:diary-entry">
				<header>
					<p epub:type="se:diary.dateline">May 17th:</p>
				</header>
				<p>So now we are on an oriental express and everything seems to be quite unusual. I mean Dorothy and I got up this morning and we looked out of the window of our compartment and it was really quite unusual. Because it was farms, and we saw quite a lot of girls who seemed to be putting small size hay stacks onto large size hay stacks while their husbands seemed to sit at a table under quite a shady tree and drink beer. Or else their husbands seemed to sit on a fence and smoke their pipe and watch them. So Dorothy and I looked at two girls who seemed to be ploughing up all of the ground with only the aid of a cow and Dorothy said, “I think we girls have gone one step to far away from New York, because it begins to look to me as if the Central of Europe is no country for we girls.” So we both became quite worried. I mean I became quite depressed because if this is what <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Eisman thinks we American girls ought to learn I really think it is quite depressing. So I do not think we care to meet any gentlemen who have been born and raised in the Central of Europe. I mean the more I travel and the more I seem to see other gentlemen the more I seem to think of American gentlemen.</p>
				<p>So now I am going to get dressed and go to the dining car and look for some American gentleman and hold a conversation, because I really feel so depressed. I mean Dorothy keeps trying to depress me because she keeps saying that I will probably end up in a farm in the Central of Europe doing a sister act with a plough. Because Dorothy’s jokes are really very unrefined and I think that I will feel much better if I go to the dining car and have some luncheon.</p>
				<hr/>
				<p>Well I went to the dining car and I met a gentleman who was quite a delightful American gentleman, I mean it was quite a co-instance, because we girls have always heard about Henry Spoffard and it was really nobody else but the famous Henry Spoffard, who is the famous Spoffard family, who is a very very fine old family who is very very wealthy. I mean <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffard is one of the most famous familys in New York and he is not like most gentlemen who are wealthy, but he works all of the time for the good of the others. I mean he is the gentleman who always gets his picture in all of the newspapers because he is always senshuring all of the plays that are not good for peoples morals. And all of we girls remember the time when he was in the Ritz for luncheon and he met a gentleman friend of his and the gentleman friend had Peggy Hopkins Joyce to luncheon and he introduced Peggy Hopkins Joyce to <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffard and <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffard turned on his heels and walked away. Because <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffard is a very very famous Prespyterian and he is really much to Prespyterian to meet Peggy Hopkins Joyce. I mean it is unusual to see a gentleman who is such a young gentleman as <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffard be so Prespyterian, because when most gentlemen are 35 years of age their minds nearly always seem to be on something else.</p>
				<p>So when I saw no one else but the famous <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffard I really became quite thrilled. Because all of we girls have tried very hard to have an introduction to Henry Spoffard and it was quite unusual to be shut up on a train in the Central of Europe with him. So I thought it would be quite unusual for a girl like I to have a friendship with a gentleman like <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffard, who really does not even look at a girl unless she at least looks like a Prespyterian. And I mean our family in Little Rock were really not so Prespyterians.</p>
				<p>So I thought I would sit at his table. So then I had to ask him about all of the money because all of the money they use in the Central of Europe has not even got so much sense to it as the kind of franks they use in Paris. Because it seems to be called kronens and it seems to take quite a lot of them because it takes 50,000 of them to even buy a small size package of cigarettes and Dorothy says if the cigarettes had tobacco in them, we couldn’t lift enough kronens over a counter to pay for a package. So this morning Dorothy and I asked the porter to bring us a bottle of champagne and we really did not know what to give him for a tip. So Dorothy said for me to take one of the things called a one million kronens and she would take one of them called a one million kronens and I would give him mine first and if he gave me quite a dirty look, she would give him hers. So after we paid for the bottle of champagne I gave him my one million kronens and before we could do anything else he started in to grabbing my hand and kissing my hand and getting down on his knees. So we finally had to push him right out of the compartment. So one million kronens seemed to be enough. So I told <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffard how we did not know what to give the porter when he brought us our bottle of minral water. So then I asked him to tell me all about all of the money because I told him I always seem to think that a penny earned was a penny saved. So it really was quite unusual because <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffard said that that was his favorite motto.</p>
				<hr/>
				<p>So then we got to talking quite a lot and I told him that I was traveling to get educated and I told him I had a girl with me who I was trying to reform because I thought if she would put her mind more on getting educated, she would get more reformed. Because after all <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffard will have to meet Dorothy sooner or later and he might wonder what a refined girl like I was doing with a girl like Dorothy. So <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffard really became quite intreeged. Because <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffard loves to reform people and he loves to senshure everything and he really came over to Europe to look at all the things that Americans come over to Europe to look at, when they really should not look at them but they should look at all of the museums instead. Because if that is all we Americans come to Europe to look at, we should stay home and look at America first. So <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffard spends all of his time looking at things that spoil peoples morals. So <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffard really must have very very strong morals or else all the things that spoil other peoples morals would spoil his morals. But they do not seem to spoil <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffards morals and I really think it is wonderful to have such strong morals. So I told <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffard that I thought that civilization is not what it ought to be and we really ought to have something else to take its place.</p>
				<p>So <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffard said that he would come to call on Dorothy and I in our compartment this afternoon and we would talk it all over, if his mother does not seem to need him in her compartment. Because <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffards mother always travels with <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffard and he never does anything unless he tells his mother all about it, and asks his mother if he ought to. So he told me that that is the reason he has never got married, because his mother does not think that all of the flappers we seem to have nowadays are what a young man ought to marry when a young man is full of so many morals as <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffard seems to be full of. So I told <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffard that I really felt just like his mother feels about all of the flappers because I am an old fashioned girl.</p>
				<p>So then I got to worrying about Dorothy quite a lot because Dorothy is really not so old-fashioned and she might say something in front of <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffard that might make <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffard wonder what such an old-fashioned girl as I was doing with such a girl as Dorothy. So I told him how I was having quite a hard time reforming Dorothy and I would like to have him meet Dorothy so he could tell me if he really thinks I am wasting quite a lot of time trying to reform a girl like Dorothy. So then he had to go to his mother. So I really hope that Dorothy will act more reformed than she usually acts in front of <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffard.</p>
				<p>Well <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffard just left our compartment so he really came to pay a call on us after all. So <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffard told us all about his mother and I was really very very intreeged because if <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffard and I become friendly he is the kind of a gentleman that always wants a girl to meet his mother. I mean if a girl gets to know what kind of a mother a gentlemans mother is like, she really knows more what kind of a conversation to use on a gentleman’s mother when she meets her. Because a girl like I is really always on the verge of meeting gentlemen’s mothers. But such an unrefined girl as Dorothy is really not the kind of a girl that ever meets gentlemens mothers.</p>
				<hr/>
				<p>So <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffard says his mother has to have him take care of her quite a lot. Because <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffards mothers brains have never really been so strong. Because it seems his mother came from such a very fine old family that even when she was quite a small size child she had to be sent to a school that was a special school for people of very fine old familys who had to have things very easy on their brain. So she still has to have things very easy on her brain, so she has a girl who is called her companion who goes with her everywhere who is called Miss Chapman. Because <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffard says that there is always something new going on in the world which they did not get a chance to tell her about at the school. So now Miss Chapman keeps telling her instead. Because how would she know what to think about such a new thing as a radio, for instance, if she did not have Miss Chapman to tell her what it was, for instance. So Dorothy spoke up and Dorothy said, “What a responsibility that girl has got on her shoulders. For instance, what if Miss Chapman told her a radio was something to build a fire in, and she would get cold some day and stuff it full of papers and light it.” But <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffard told Dorothy that Miss Chapman would never make such a mistake. Because he said that Miss Chapman came from a very very fine old family herself and she really had a fine brain. So Dorothy said, “If she really has got such a fine brain I bet her fine old family once had an ice man who could not be trusted.” So <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffard and I did not pay any more attention to Dorothy because Dorothy really does not know how to hold a conversation.</p>
				<hr/>
				<p>So then I and <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffard held a conversation all about morals and <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffard says he really thinks the future of everything is between the hands of <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Blank the district attorney who is the famous district attorney who is closing up all the places in New York where they sell all of the liquor. So <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffard said that a few months ago, when <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Blank decided he would try to get the job to be the district attorney, he put 1,000 dollars worth of liquor down his sink. So now <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Blank says that everybody else has got to put it down their sink. So Dorothy spoke up, and Dorothy said, “If he poured 1,000 dollars worth down his sink to get himself one million dollars worth of publicity and a good job⁠—when we pour it down our sink, what do we get?” But <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffard is to brainy a gentleman to answer any such a foolish question. So he gave Dorothy a look that was full of dignity and he said he would have to go back to his Mother. So I was really quite angry at Dorothy. So I followed <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffard down the hall of the railway train and I asked <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffard if he thought I was wasting quite a lot of time reforming a girl like Dorothy. So <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffard thinks I am, because he really thinks a girl like Dorothy will never have any reverance. So I told <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffard I had wasted so much time on Dorothy it would really break my heart to be a failure. So then I had tears in my eyes. So <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffard is really very very sympathetic because when he saw that I did not have any handkerchief, he took his own handkerchief and he dried up all of my tears. So then he said he would help me with Dorothy quite a lot and get her mind to running on things that are more educational.</p>
				<p>So then he said he thought that we ought to get off the train at a place called Munich because it was very full of art, which they call <i xml:lang="de">kunst</i> in Munich, which is very, very educational. So he said he and Dorothy and I would get off of the train in Munich because he could send his mother right on to Vienna with Miss Chapman, because every place always seems to look alike to his mother anyway. So we are all going to get off the train at Munich and I can send <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Eisman a telegram when nobody is looking. Because I really do not think I will tell <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffard about <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Eisman, because, after all, their religions are different and when two gentlemen have such different religions they do not seem to have so much to get congeneal about. So I can telegraph <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Eisman that Dorothy and I thought we would get off the train at Munich to look at all of the art.</p>
				<p>So then I went back to Dorothy and I told Dorothy if she did not have anything to say in the future to not say it. Because even if <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffard is a fine old family and even if he is very Prespyterian, I and he could really be friendly after all and talk together quite a lot. I mean <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffard likes to talk about himself quite a lot, so I said to Dorothy it really shows that, after all, he is just like any other gentleman. But Dorothy said she would demand more proof than that. So Dorothy says she thinks that maybe I might become quite friendly with <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffard and especially with his mother because she thinks his mother and I have quite a lot that is common, but she says, if I ever bump into Miss Chapman, she thinks I will come to a kropper because Dorothy saw Miss Chapman when she was at luncheon and Dorothy says Miss Chapman is the kind of a girl that wears a collar and a tie even when she is not on horseback. And Dorothy said it was the look that Miss Chapman gave her at luncheon that really gave her the idea about the ice man. So Dorothy says she thinks Miss Chapman has got 3 thirds of the brains of that trio of Geegans, because Geegans is the slang word that Dorothy has thought up to use on people who are society people. Because Dorothy says she thinks any gentleman with <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffards brains had ought to spend his time putting nickels into an electric piano, but I did not even bother to talk back at such a girl as Dorothy. So now we must get ready to get off the train when the train gets to Munich so that we can look at all of the <span xml:lang="de">kunst</span> in Munich.</p>
			</div>
			<div epub:type="z3998:diary-entry">
				<header>
					<p epub:type="se:diary.dateline">May 19th:</p>
				</header>
				<p>Well yesterday <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffard and I and Dorothy got off the train at Munich to see all of the <span xml:lang="de">kunst</span> in Munich, but you only call it Munich when you are on the train because as soon as you get off of the train they seem to call it Munchen. So you really would know that Munchen was full of <span xml:lang="de">kunst</span> because in case you would not know it, they have painted the word “<span xml:lang="de">kunst</span>” in large size black letters on everything in Munchen, and you can not even see a boot black’s stand in Munchen that is not full of <span xml:lang="de">kunst</span>.</p>
				<p>So <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffard said that we really ought to go to the theater in Munchen because even the theater in Munchen was full of <span xml:lang="de">kunst</span>. So we looked at all of the bills of all of the theaters, with the aid of quite an intelectual hotel clerk who seemed to be able to read it and tell us what it said, because it really meant nothing to us. So it seems they were playing Kiki in Munchen, so I said, let us go and see Kiki because we have seen Lenore Ulric in New York and we would really know what it is all about even if they do not seem to talk the English landguage. So then we went to the Kunst theater. So it seems that Munchen is practically full of Germans and the lobby of the Kunst theater was really full of Germans who stand in the lobby and drink beer and eat quite a lot of Bermudian onions and garlick sausage and hard boiled eggs and beer before all of the acts. So I really had to ask <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffard if he thought we had come to the right theatre because the lobby seemed to smell such a lot. I mean when the smell of beer gets to be anteek it gets to smell quite a lot. But <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffard seemed to think that the lobby of the Kunst theatre did not smell any worse than all of the other places in Munich. So then Dorothy spoke up and Dorothy said “You can say what you want about the Germans being full of ‘<span xml:lang="de">kunst</span>,’ but what they are really full of is delicatessen.”</p>
				<p>So then we went into the Kunst theater. But the Kunst theater does not seem to smell so good as the lobby of the Kunst theater. And the Kunst theater seems to be decorated with quite a lot of what tripe would look like if it was pasted on the wall and gilded. Only you could not really see the gilding because it was covered with quite a lot of dust. So Dorothy looked around and Dorothy said, if this is “<span xml:lang="de">kunst</span>,” the art center of the world is Union Hill New Jersey.</p>
				<p>So then they started in to playing Kiki but it seems that it was not the same kind of a Kiki that we have in America, because it seemed to be all about a family of large size German people who seemed to keep getting in each others ways. I mean when a stage is completely full of 2 or 3 German people who are quite large size, they really cannot help it if they seem to get in each others ways. So then Dorothy got to talking with a young gentleman who seemed to be a German gentleman who sat back of her, who she thought was applauding. But what he was really doing was he was cracking a hard boiled egg on the back of her chair. So he talked English with quite an accent that seemed to be quite a German accent. So Dorothy asked him if Kiki had come out on the stage yet. So he said no, but she was really a beautiful german actress who came clear from Berlin and he said we should really wait until she came out, even if we did not seem to understand it. So finally she came out. I mean we knew it was her because Dorothy’s German gentleman friend nudged Dorothy with a sausage. So we looked at her, and we looked at her and Dorothy said, “If Schuman Heinke still has a grandmother, we have dug her up in Munchen.” So we did not bother to see any more of Kiki because Dorothy said she would really have to know more about the foundations of that building before she would risk our lives to see Kiki do that famous scene where she faints in the last act. Because Dorothy said, if the foundations of that building were as anteek as the smell, there was going to be a catasterophy when Kiki hit the floor. So even <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffard was quite discouradged, but he was really glad because he said he was 100 percent of an American and it served the Germans right for starting such a war against all we Americans.</p>
			</div>
			<div epub:type="z3998:diary-entry">
				<header>
					<p epub:type="se:diary.dateline">May 20th:</p>
				</header>
				<p>Well today <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffard is going to take me all around to all of the museums in Munchen, which are full of <span xml:lang="de">kunst</span> that I really ought to look at, but Dorothy said she had been punished for all of her sins last night, so now she is going to begin life all over again by going out with her German gentleman friend, who is going to take her to a house called the Half Brow house which is the worlds largest size of a Beer Hall. So Dorothy said I could be a high brow and get full of <span xml:lang="de">kunst</span>, but she is satisfide to be a Half brow and get full of beer. But Dorothy will really never be full of anything else but unrefinement.</p>
			</div>
			<div epub:type="z3998:diary-entry">
				<header>
					<p epub:type="se:diary.dateline">May 21st:</p>
				</header>
				<p>Well <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffard and I and Dorothy are on the train again and we are all going to Vienna. I mean <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffard and I spent one whole day going through all of the museums in Munchen, but I am really not even going to think about it. Because when something terrible happens to me, I always try to be a Christian science and I simply do not even think about it, but I deny that it ever happened even if my feet do seem to hurt quite a lot. So even Dorothy had quite a hard day in Munchen because her German gentleman friend, who is called Rudolf, came for her at 11 o’clock to take her to breakfast. But Dorothy told him that she had had her breakfast. But her gentleman friend said that he had had his first breakfast to, but it was time for his second. So he took Dorothy to the Half Brow house where everybody eats white sausages and pretzels and beer at 11 o’clock. So after they had their white sausages and beer he wanted to take her for a ride but they could only go a few blocks because by then it was time for luncheon. So they ate quite a lot of luncheon and then he bought her a large size box of chocolates that were full of liqueurs, and took her to the matinee. So after the first act Rudolf got hungry and they had to go and stand in the lobby and have some sandwitches and beer. But Dorothy did not enjoy the show very much and so after the second act Rudolf said they would leave because it was time for tea anyway. So after quite a heavy tea, Rudolph asked her to dinner and Dorothy was to overcome to say No. So after dinner they went to a beer garden for beer and pretzels. But finally Dorothy began to come to, and she asked him to take her back to the hotel. So Rudolf said he would, but they had better have a bite to eat first. So today Dorothy really feels just as discouradged as I seem to feel, only Dorothy is not a Christian science and all she can do is suffer.</p>
				<p>But in spite of all of my Christian science, I am really beginning to feel quite discouradged about Vienna. I mean <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Eisman is in Vienna, and I do not see how I can spend quite a lot of time with <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Eisman and quite a lot of time with <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffard and keep them from meeting one another. Because <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffard might not seem to understand why <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Eisman seems to spend quite a lot of money to get me educated. And Dorothy keeps trying to depress me about Miss Chapman because she says she thinks that when Miss Chapman sees I and <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffard together she thinks that Miss Chapman will cable for the familys favorite lunacy expert. So I have got to be as full of Christian science as I can and always hope for the best.</p>
			</div>
			<div epub:type="z3998:diary-entry">
				<header>
					<p epub:type="se:diary.dateline">May 25th:</p>
				</header>
				<p>So far everything has really worked out for the best. Because <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Eisman is very very busy all day with the button profession, and he tells me to run around with Dorothy all day. So I and <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffard run around all day. So then I tell <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffard that I really do not care to go to all of the places that you go to at night, but I will go to bed and get ready for tomorrow instead. So then Dorothy and I go to dinner with <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Eisman and then we go to a show, and we stay up quite late at a cabaret called the Chapeau Rouge and I am able to keep it all up with the aid of champagne. So if we keep our eye out for <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffard and do not all bump into one another when he is out looking at things that we Americans really should not look at, it will all work out for the best. I mean I have even stopped <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffard looking at museums because I tell him that I like nature better, and when you look at nature you look at it in a horse and buggy in the park and it is much easier on the feet. So now he is beginning to talk about how he would like me to meet his mother, so everything really seems for the best after all.</p>
				<p>But I have quite a hard time with <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Eisman at night. I mean at night <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Eisman is in quite a state, because every time he makes an engagement about the button factory, it is time for all the gentlemen in Vienna to go to the coffee house and sit. Or else every time he makes an engagement about the button factory, some Viennese gentleman gets the idea to have a picknick and they all put on short pants and bare knees and they all put a feather in their hat, and they all walk to the Tyrol. So it really discouradges <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Eisman quite a lot. But if anyone ought to get discouradged I think that I ought to get discouradged because after all when a girl has had no sleep for a week a girl can not help it if she seems to get discouradged.</p>
			</div>
			<div epub:type="z3998:diary-entry">
				<header>
					<p epub:type="se:diary.dateline">May 27th:</p>
				</header>
				<p>Well finaly I broke down and <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffard said that he thought a little girl like I, who was trying to reform the whole world was trying to do to much, especially beginning on a girl like Dorothy. So he said there was a famous doctor in Vienna called <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Dr.</abbr> Froyd who could stop all of my worrying because he does not give a girl medicine but he talks you out of it by psychoanalysis. So yesterday he took me to <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Dr.</abbr> Froyd. So <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Dr.</abbr> Froyd and I had quite a long talk in the english landguage. So it seems that everybody seems to have a thing called inhibitions, which is when you want to do a thing and you do not do it. So then you dream about it instead. So <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Dr.</abbr> Froyd asked me, what I seemed to dream about. So I told him that I never really dream about anything. I mean I use my brains so much in the day time that at night they do not seem to do anything else but rest. So <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Dr.</abbr> Froyd was very very surprized at a girl who did not dream about anything. So then he asked me all about my life. I mean he is very very sympathetic, and he seems to know how to draw a girl out quite a lot. I mean I told him things that I really would not even put in my diary. So then he seemed very very intreeged at a girl who always seemed to do everything she wanted to do. So he asked me if I really never wanted to do a thing that I did not do. For instance did I ever want to do a thing that was really vialent, for instance, did I ever want to shoot someone for instance. So then I said I had, but the bullet only went in <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Jennings lung and came right out again. So then <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Dr.</abbr> Froyd looked at me and looked at me and he said he did not really think it was possible. So then he called in his assistance and he pointed at me and talked to his assistance quite a lot in the Viennese landguage. So then his assistance looked at me and looked at me and it really seems as if I was quite a famous case. So then <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Dr.</abbr> Froyd said that all I needed was to cultivate a few inhibitions and get some sleep.</p>
			</div>
			<div epub:type="z3998:diary-entry">
				<header>
					<p epub:type="se:diary.dateline">May 29th:</p>
				</header>
				<p>Things are really getting to be quite a strain. Because yesterday <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffard and <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Eisman were both in the lobby of the Bristol hotel and I had to pretend not to see both of them. I mean it is quite an easy thing to pretend not to see one gentleman, but it is a quite hard thing to pretend not to see two gentlemen. So something has really got to happen soon, or I will have to admit that things seem to be happening that are not for the best.</p>
				<p>So this afternoon Dorothy and I had an engagement to meet Count Salm for tea at four o’clock, only you do not call it tea at Vienna but you seem to call it “yowzer” and you do not drink tea at Vienna but you drink coffee instead. I mean it is quite unusual to see all of the gentlemen at Vienna stop work, to go to yowzer about one hour after they have all finished their luncheon, but time really does not seem to mean so much to Viennese gentlemen except time to get to the coffee house, which they all seem to know by instincts, or else they really do not seem to mind if they make a mistake and get there to early. Because <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Eisman says that when it is time to attend to the button profession, they really seem to lose all of their interest until <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Eisman is getting so nervous he could scream.</p>
				<p>So we went to Deimels and met Count Salm. But while we were having yowzer with Count Salm, we saw <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffard’s mother come in with her companion Miss Chapman, and Miss Chapman seemed to look at me quite a lot and talk to <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffards mother about me quite a lot. So I became quite nervous, because I really wished that we were not with Count Salm. I mean it has been quite a hard thing to make <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffard think that I am trying to reform Dorothy, but if I had to try to make him think that I was trying to reform Count Salm, he might begin to think that there is a limit to almost everything. So <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffards mother seems to be deaf, because she seems to use an ear trumpet and I really could not help over hearing quite a lot of words that Miss Chapman was using on me, even if it is not such good etiquet to overhear people. So Miss Chapman seemed to be telling <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffards mother that I was a “creature,” and she seemed to be telling her that I was the real reason why her son seemed to be so full of nothing but neglect lately. So then <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffards mother looked at me and looked at me, even if it was not such good etiquet to look at a person. And Miss Chapman kept right on talking to <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffards mother and I heard her mention Willie Gwynn and I think that Miss Chapman has been making some inquiries about me and I really think that she has heard about the time when all of the family of Willie Gwynn had quite a long talk with me and persuaded me not to marry Willie Gwynn for $10,000. So I really wish <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffard would introduce me to his mother before she gets to be full of quite a lot of prejudice. Because one thing seems to be piling up on top of another thing, until I am almost on the verge of getting nervous and I have not had any time yet to do what <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Dr.</abbr> Froyd said a girl ought to do.</p>
				<p>So tonight I am going to tell <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Eisman that I have got to go to bed early, so then I can take quite a long ride with <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffard and look at nature, and he may say something definite, because nothing makes gentlemen get so definite as looking at nature when it is moonlight.</p>
			</div>
			<div epub:type="z3998:diary-entry">
				<header>
					<p epub:type="se:diary.dateline">May 30th:</p>
				</header>
				<p>Well last night <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffard and I took quite a long ride in the park, but they do not call it a park in the Viennese landguage but they call it the Prater. So a prater is really devine because it is just like Coney Island but at the same time it is in the woods and it is practically full of trees and it has quite a long road for people to take rides on in a horse and buggy. So I found out that Miss Chapman had been talking against me quite a lot. So it seems that she has been making inquiries about me, and I was really surprised to hear all of the things that Miss Chapman seemed to find out about me except that she did not find out about <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Eisman educating me. So then I had to tell <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffard that I was not always so reformed as I am now, because the world was full of gentlemen who were nothing but wolfs in sheeps clothes, that did nothing but take advantadge of all we girls. So I really cried quite a lot. So then I told him how I was just a little girl from Little Rock when I first left Little Rock and by that time even <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffard had tears in his eyes. So I told him how I came from a very very good family because papa was very intelectual, and he was a very very prominent Elk, and everybody always said that he was a very intelectual Elk. So I told <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffard that when I left Little Rock I thought that all of the gentlemen did not want to do anything but protect we girls and by the time I found out that they did not want to protect us so much, it was to late. So then he cried quite a lot. So then I told him how I finaly got reformed by reading all about him in the newspapers and when I saw him in the oriental express it really seemed to be nothing but the result of fate. So I told <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffard that I thought a girl was really more reformed if she knew what it was to be unreformed than if she was born reformed and never really knew that was the matter with her. So then <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffard reached over and he kissed me on the forehead in a way that was full of reverance and he said I seemed to remind him quite a lot of a girl who got quite a write-up in the bible who was called Magdellen. So then he said that he used to be a member of the choir himself, so who was he to cast the first rock at a girl like I.</p>
				<p>So we rode around in the Prater until it was quite late and it really was devine because it was moonlight and we talked quite a lot about morals, and all the bands in the prater were all playing in the distants “Mama love Papa.” Because “Mama love Papa” has just reached Vienna and they all seem to be crazy about “Mama love Papa” even if it is not so new in America. So then he took me home to the hotel.</p>
				<p>So everything always works out for the best, because this morning <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffard called up and told me he wanted me to meet his mother. So I told him I would like to have luncheon alone with his mother because we could have quite a little tatatate if there was only two of us. So I told him to bring his mother to our room for luncheon because I thought that Miss Chapman could not walk into our room and spoil everything.</p>
				<p>So he brought his mother down to our sitting room and I put on quite a simple little organdy gown that I had ripped all of the trimming off of, and I had a pair of black lace mitts that Dorothy used to wear in the Follies and I had a pair of shoes that did not have any heels on them. So when he introduced us to each other I dropped her a courtesy because I always think it is quite quaint when a girl drops quite a lot of courtesys. So then he left us alone and we had quite a little talk and I told her that I did not seem to like all of the flappers that we seem to have nowadays, because I was brought up to be more old fashioned. So then <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Spoffards mother told me that Miss Chapman said that she had heard that I was not so old fashioned. But I told her that I was so old fashioned that I was always full of respect for all of my elders and I would not dare to tell them everything they ought to do, like Miss Chapman seems to tell her everything she ought to do, for instants.</p>
				<p>So then I ordered luncheon and I thought some champagne would make her feel quite good for luncheon so I asked her if she liked champagne. So she really likes champagne very very much but Miss Chapman thinks it is not so nice for a person to drink liquor. But I told her that I was a Christian science, and all of we Christian science seem to believe that there can not really be any harm in anything, so how can there be any harm in a small size bottle of champagne? So she never seemed to look at it in that kind of a light before, because she said that Miss Chapman believed in Christian science also, but what Miss Chapman believed about things that were good for you to drink seemed to apply more towards water. So then we had luncheon and she began to feel very very good. So I thought that we had better have another bottle of champagne because I told her that I was such an ardent Christian science that I did not even believe there could be any harm in two bottles of champagne. So we had another bottle of champagne and she became very intreeged about Christian science because she said that she really thought it was a better religion than Prespyterians. So she said Miss Chapman used to try to get her to use it on things, but Miss Chapman never seemed to have such a large size grasp of the Christian science religion as I seem to have.</p>
				<p>So then I told her that I thought Miss Chapman was jealous of her good looks. So then she said that that was true, because Miss Chapman would always make her wear hats that were made out of black horses hair because horses hair does not weigh so much on a persons brain. So I told her I was going to give her one of my hats that has got quite large size roses on it. So then I got it out, but we could not get it on her head because hats are quite small on account of hair being bobbed. So I thought I would get the sissors and bob her head, but then I thought I had done enough to her for one day.</p>
				<p>So Henry’s mother said that I was really the most sunshine that she ever had in all her life and when Henry came back to take his Mother up to her room, she did not want to go. But after he got her away he called me up on the telephone and he was qiute excited and he said he wanted to ask me something that was very very important. So I said I would see him tonight.</p>
				<p>But now I have got to see <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Eisman because I have an idea about doing something that is really very very important that has got to be done at once.</p>
			</div>
			<div epub:type="z3998:diary-entry">
				<header>
					<p epub:type="se:diary.dateline">May 31st:</p>
				</header>
				<p>Well I and Dorothy and <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Eisman are on a train going to a place called Buda Pest. So I did not see Henry again before I left, but I left him a letter. Because I thought it would be a quite good thing if what he wanted to ask me he would have to write down, instead of asking me, and he could not write it to me if I was in the same city that he is in. So I told him in my letter that I had to leave in five minute’s time because I found out that Dorothy was just on the verge of getting very unreformed, and if I did not get her away, all I had done for her would really go for nothing. So I told him to write down what he had to say to me, and mail it to me at the Ritz hotel in Buda Pest. Because I always seem to believe in the old addage, Say it in writing.</p>
				<p>So it was really very easy to get <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Eisman to leave Vienna, because yesterday he went out to see the button factory but it seems that all of the people at the button factory were not at work but they were giving a birthday party to some saint. So it seems that every time some saint has a birthday they all stop work so they can give it a birthday party. So <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Eisman looked at their calendar, and found out that some saint or other was born practically every week in the year. So he has decided that America is good enough for him.</p>
				<p>So Henry will not be able to follow me to Buda Pest because his mother is having treatments by <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Dr.</abbr> Froyd and she seems to be a much more difficult case than I seem to be. I mean it is quite hard for <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Dr.</abbr> Froyd, because she cannot seem to remember which is a dream and which really happened to her. So she tells him everything, and he has to use his judgement. I mean when she tells him that a very very handsome young gentleman tried to flirt with her on Fifth Avenue, he uses his judgement.</p>
				<p>So we will soon be at a Ritz hotel again and I must say it will be delightful to find a Ritz hotel right in the central of Europe.</p>
			</div>
			<div epub:type="z3998:diary-entry">
				<header>
					<p epub:type="se:diary.dateline">June 1st:</p>
				</header>
				<p>Well yesterday Henrys letter came and it says in black and white that he and his mother have never met such a girl as I and he wants me to marry him. So I took Henrys letter to the photographers and I had quite a lot of photographs taken of it because a girl might lose Henrys letter and she would not have anything left to remember him by. But Dorothy says to hang on to Henry’s letter, because she really does not think the photographs do it justice.</p>
				<p>So this afternoon I got a telegram from Henry and the telegram says that Henry’s father is very, very ill in New York and they have got to leave for New York immediately and his heart is broken not to see me again and to send him my answer by telegraph so that his mind will be rested while he is going back to New York. So I sent him a telegram and I accepted his proposal. So tonight I got another telegram and Henry says that he and his mother are very very happy and Henrys mother can hardly bear Miss Chapman any more and Henry says he hopes I will decide to come right back to New York and keep his mother quite a lot of company, because he thinks I can reform Dorothy more in New York anyway, where there is prohibition and nobody can get anything to drink.</p>
				<p>So now I have got to make up my mind whether I really want to marry Henry after all. Because I know to much to get married to any gentleman like Henry without thinking it all over. Because Henry is the kind of a gentleman who gets on a girls nerves quite a lot and when a gentleman has nothing else to do but get on a girls nerves, there really seems to be a limit to almost everything. Because when a gentleman has a business, he has an office and he has to be there, but when a gentlemans business is only looking into other peoples business, a gentleman is always on the verge of coming in and out of the house. And a girl could not really say that her time was her own. And when Henry was not in and out of the house, his mother would always be in and out of the house because she seems to think that I am so full of nothing but sunshine. So it is quite a problem and I seem to be in quite a quarandary, because it might really be better if Henry should happen to decide that he should not get married, and he should change his mind, and desert a girl, and then it would only be right if a girl should sue him for a breach of promise.</p>
				<p>But I really think, whatever happens, that Dorothy and I had better get back to New York. So I will see if <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Eisman will send us back. I mean I really do not think that <abbr epub:type="z3998:name-title">Mr.</abbr> Eisman will mind us going back because if he does, I will start shopping again and that always seems to bring him to terms. But all the time I am going back to New York, I will have to try to make up my mind one way or another. Because we girls really can not help it, if we have ideals, and sometimes my mind seems to get to running on things that are romantic, and I seem to think that maybe there is some place in the world where there is a gentleman who knows how to look and act like Count Salm and who has got money besides. And when a girls mind gets to thinking about such a romantic thing, a girls mind really does not seem to know whether to marry Henry or not.</p>
			</div>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>
